11578 sorrento valley road san diego qd inc   
linear algebra and its applications harcourt brace jovanovich g strang  san diego  
the family transition program : implementation and interim impacts of floridaâ ?? s initial time - d bloom m farrell jj kemple n verma    
an empirical review of price behaviour on the internet h riquelme  electronic markets 2001.0 
dimethyl ether ( dme ) spray characteristics in a common-rail fuel injection system . j yu 2003.0  proceedings of the institution of mechanical engineers d & hellip ;  
convergent stakeholder theory 1999.0 tm jones ac wicks the academy of management review  
observations of frontal zone structures with a vhf doppler radar and radiosondes 1984.0 mf larsen j roettger conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland  
energy conservation 2000 mayville and horicon : a study of a community-based program b neal c sabo wisconsin demand-side demonstration april  
reyes de los guillermo p revere    
instrumental stakeholder theory : a synthesis of ethics and economics 1995.0 tm jones the academy of management review  
selectivity estimation in spatial databases acm sigmod intl conference on management of data s achaya v poosala s ramaswamy   
parametric query optimization for linear and piecewise linear cost functions ah hs02 s sudarshan   2002.0 
potential interference to gps from uwb transmitters ; phase ii test results : accuracy loss-of-lock technical report 3.0 stanford university march m luo m koenig d akos s pullen p enge   
implementing the earnings supplement project : a test of a re-employment incentive hs bloomâ ? ¦    
evaluation of a random access system with hardware simulation ( for satellite location and data 1975.0 gg delmas & hellip ; telemetering conference washington d. c proceedings  
soft-link hypertext for information retrieval md ` inverno p howells mj hu m luck information & software technology 2002.0 
engineering applications of correlation and spectral analysis js bendat a piersol  1980.0 
optimal selection of supply voltages and level-conversion during data-path scheduling under resource proceedings of the 1996 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; m johnson k roy   
martingale estimating functions based on eigenfunctions for discretely observed small diffusions m uchida 2004.0    
social experimentation h riecken   
inc. march 1985 m pirnie  & hellip ; river pcb reclamation/demonstration project evaluation of  
hints of discontent s alexander    
the haskell school of expression : learning functional programming through multimedia 2000 p hudak   
syntactic accidents in program analysis d damian o danvy  proceedings of the 2000 acm sigplan international conference  
self-similarity in the web . 2 : 205â ?? 223 s dill r kumar ks mccurley s rajagopalan d  2002.0 
mentoring to diversity : a multicultural approach . 1995.0 g rodriguez new directions for adult and continuing education  
eigenvalue problem for linear 2 nx 2-ports ag onishchuk radiotekhnika i elektronika   1978.0 
a novel design technique for tuneable notch filters gw medlin    
effects of an intervention programme for improved discharge-planning vard i norden c haeggmark b nilsson  1997.0 
improved query performance with variant indices proceedings of sigmod conference poâ ?? neill d quass   
graduate program in communication sciences & disorders 2006.0 cg students   
an adaptivecongestioncontrol schemeforreal-timepacket video h kanakia pp mishra a reibman proceedings of acm sigcomm computer communications review    
human t-cell lymphotrophic virus type-i ( htlv-i ) retrovirus and human disease journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 dj bentrem ee mcgovern ml hammarskjoeld rf   
deconstructing the internet using vugh proceedings of vldb o martin   
contrastplotsandp-sphere trees : space vs. time in nearest neighbour searches rr goldsteinj & hellip ; of the very large data bases ( vldb ) conference cairo egypt  
kinetics of aperiodic cascade boosters with respect to their operating speed and safety vf kolesov vk khoruzhii  at .  
lernerautonomie und lernstrategien fernstudieneinheit 23 langenscheidt mã 1/4 nchen 2000 p bimmel u rampillon    
concluding observations . dw steeples  new directions for higher education 1986.0 
pouchitis after ileal pouch-anal anastomosis : a pouchitis disease activity index wj sandborn wj tremaine kp batts jh pemberton mayo clinic proceedings   1994.0 
una evaluaciã ³ n del del modelo entidad relaciã ³ n extendido 1997.0 h saiedian information and software technology  
electromagnetic analysis and design in magnetic resonance imaging j jianming    
applying cosine series to join size estimation c luo z jiang wc hou proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
fuzzy logic in diagnosis : possibilistic networks '' invited chapter in fuzzy logic ( j. baldwin ) john m ulieru    
semantics and implementation of schema evolution in object-oriented databases proc . of acm-sigmod j banerjee w kim hk kim hf korth conf . om management of data san francisco ca may    
orderable dimensions of visual texture for data display : orientation size and contrast c ware w knight   
issues relating to extension of the basic linear algebra subprograms ds dodson   
use of object-oriented constructs in a computational modeling system for earth scientists ka carlson   1995.0 
toward middleware fault injection for automotive networks p koopman e tran g hendrey   
confirmation of traumatic interhemispheric subdural hematoma by magnetic resonance imaging va romano gj toffol journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 
multimode spectral coding of speech at low bit rates a das   1996.0 
fast long-lived renaming m moir jh anderson lecture notes in computer science   1994.0 
common expression analysis in database applications s finkelstein proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1982.0 
generating machine specific optimizing compilers r hoover k zadeck 1996.0  proceedings of the 23rd acm sigplan-sigact symposium on & hellip ;  
volunteering computing a preliminary concept and project proposal lfg sarmenta   1996.0 
low thrust ion propulsion : development activity at profiel tecnologie gf cirri g matticari g noci g perrotta mf ross proceedings of the 23rd international electric propulsion & hellip ;  
personal communication 1999.0 b goyette   
program micro-and macrotheory : a guide for social change wr shadish new directions for program evaluation . jossey-bass inc san & hellip ;  
a complete mechanization of ! - order type theory . '' t pietrzykowski dc jensen  proceedings of acm annual conference 1972.0 
meta-tag that page p kruger electronic library  
observations on the biology and control of the pine processionary caterpillar ( thaumetopoea ds kailidis athens greece  
histochemistry of nucleotidyl cyclases and cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterases 1988.0 g poeggel h luppa the histochemical journal  
the utilisation of un-cultivated rural land in southern norway during the last 2000/2500 yearsâ ?? d moe proceedings ve congrs international de la socit dâ ?? & hellip ;  
power in top management teams : dimensions measurement and validation s finkelstein the academy of management journal 1992.0    
gb dom . focused crawling : a new approach to topic-specific web resource discovery [ j ] s chakrabarti m van den ber computer networks    
shifting factors and the ineffectiveness of third party assurance seals : a two-stage model of dh mcknight cj kacmar v choudhury  electronic markets 2004.0 
naturalistic study of evaluation utilization mc alkin new directions for program evaluation   1980.0 
on the spectral gap of the m/m/n / n queue unpublished manuscript c fricker p robert d tibi   
concurrentuseofb-treeswith variable-length entries sigmod rec wg kelleram   
the state of coral reef ecosystems of the united states and pacific freely associated states : 2002 . dd turgeon rg asch bd causey re dodge w jaap   
the architecture of simplicity d miller the academy of management review   1993.0 
algorithms for cochannel source separation and signal estimation a mathur  1996.0 
general motivational effects of dissonance arousal ms pallak ts pittman journal of personality and social psychology 1972.0 
a new multirate lq optimal regulator for linear time-invariant systems and its stability robustness kg arvanitis applied mathematics and computer science 1998.0    
javascript 1.2 addison-wesley s mintert    
examples of vlf emissions recorded in the auroral zone ( abstract only ) j manninen t turunen t turunen  proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
mortality factors in a cyclic vole population k norrdahl e korpimaki proceedings : biological sciences   1995.0 
welfare time limits : state policies implementation and effects on families . d bloom m farrell b fink   2002.0 
wave scattering from rough surfaces ag voronovich  1994.0 
gadolinium-enhanced mri in central nervous system behã § et 's disease e erdem r carlier abc idir po masnou a  neuroradiology 1993.0 
an empirical analysis of information sytems changes j heales proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1995.0    
the distributed sediment budget model and watershed management in the paleozoic plateau of the upper sw trimble physical geography  
conflicting expertise and uncertainty : quality assurance in high-level radioactive waste management mr fitzgerald as mccabe new directions for program evaluation   1991.0 
the fluoroquinolones 1999.0 rc walker mayo clinic proceedings  
quality assurance for welding of japanese welded beam-to-column connections m nakashima procs . of third inter . conf . on behavior of steel struct . in & hellip ;    
admissible orders and linear forms portal.acm.org    
ring satellite interaction in planetary rings ( abstract only ) proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; j hanninen h salo j lukkari  1991.0 
testing containment of coqiunctive queries under functional and inclusion dependencies proc . first acm sigaci-sigmod conf . on principles of ds ijkl johnson a kiug   
database management for life sciences research hv jagadish f olken  sigmod record 2004.0 
pz nets a formal method integrating petri nets with z. information & software technology x he  2001.0 
the anti-il-2 receptor monoclonal antibody yth-906 in liver transplantation pj friend h waldmann s cobbold h tighe p transplant proc 1991.0 
adaptive performance management for umts networks c lindemann m lohmann a thã 1/4 mmler computer networks 2002.0    
active cabin noise control cf ross mrj purver proc . active97    
placebo interventions for all clinical conditions cochrane database syst rev a hrobjartsson pc gotzsche  2004.0 
identifying and extracting relations in text 1998.0 r byrd y ravin proceedings of nldb  
routing : on using the ad hoc network model in cellular packet data networks hy hsieh r sivakumar proc . acm mobihoc    
the representative design of person-situation research la pervin personality at  
location information from the cellular networkâ ?? an overview 2003.0 w millar bt technology journal  
neill and g. graefe . multi-table joins through bitmapped join indexes p oã cents sigmod record  
formal description of realtime systems : a review . m joseph a goswami information and software technology 1989.0    
institutions matter : campus teaching environments ' impact on senior faculty mw lacelle-peterson mj finkelstein new directions for teaching and learning   1993.0 
the office of the future : a unified approach to image-based modeling r raskar g welch m cutts a lake l stesin h proceedings of acm sigraph    
alan l. cox sandhya dwarkadas pete keleher honghui lu ramakrishnan rajamony weimin yu and c amza ieee computer  
resources for outreach and recruitment . ce johns 1975.0  new directions for higher education  
seminar on deaf-blindness for interpreters for the deaf hc anderson a project report on demonstration and training of & hellip ;    
martingales and stochastic integrals in the theory of continuous trading stoch jm harrison sr pliska proc . appl  
program abstract for neer grant de-fg-07-99id13781 university of wisconsin jp blanchard   
the chain of reasoning in the conjunction task r hertwig g gigerenzer  unpublished manuscript  
digital apparition electronic culture v flusser   
the bang le : a new kind of grid le proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data m freeston   
the erosion of federal program evaluation new directions for program evaluation hs havens   
computer and job-shop scheduling theory eg coffmanâ ? ¦    
effective training of program evaluators : a mixture of art and science 1980.0 ed brown new directions for program evaluation  
an image retrieval system depending on object layout 3rd international conference on management of data pp199 - & hellip ; kahny matsumoto t yokoyama y matsushita   
pure appl . chem . berg h. schwarz m lown he gunning op strausz  acc . chem . res  
optimal aggregation algorithms for middleware r fagin a lotem m naor    
intermediate-mass higgs searches in weak boson fusion dl rainwater 2004.0    
integrated multimedia publishing : combining tv and newspaper content on personal channels c soedergaard m aaltonen s hagman m hiirsalmi  www8 / computer networks 1999.0 
stichwã ¶ rter : lumineszenz metallamakrocyclen n-ligan-den platin selbstorganisation jyk cheng tsm hun cm che wt wong kk cheung g acc . chem . res 1990.0    
spectral theory of non-selfadjoint operators bs pavlov  proc . int . congr . math. warszawa  
the electrical and optical properties of amorphous carbon prepared by the glow discharge technique da anderson  phil . mag  
the just-war tradition in the postâ ?? cold war era.â ?? 1994.0 p casuistry   
network security essentials ( 2000 ) prentice hall w stallings   
the benefits of mentoring new directions for adult and continuing education s schulz  1995.0 
on the selection of indices for a file . rep. rj1341 ibm san jose cabf. jan. 1974 wf king acm transactions on database  
relational database operators r fagin n forms proc . acm sigmod conf . management of data    
software quality assurance through prototyping and automated testing information and software technology 1990.0 me staknis   
spectral k-way ratio-cut partitioning and clustering - group of 3 & raquo ; pk chan mdf schlag jy zien proceedings of the 30th international conference on design & hellip ;   1993.0 
size and effort estimation for applications written in java j kaczmarek m kucharski information and software technology    
structured programming '' considered harmful 1975.0 p abrahams acm sigplan notices  
ql et . al. on supporting containment queries in relational database management systems sigmod santa barbara california c zhang j naughton d dewitt   
experiences with hyperbase : a hypertext database supporting collaborative work uk wiil  sigmod record 1993.0 
pharmacological treatment for aphasia following stroke ( cochrane review ) j greener p enderby r whurr cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
biosynthetic origin and functional significance of murine platelet factor v blood-new york - 2003.0 tl yang sw pipe a yang d ginsburg   
short group signatures d boneh x boyen h shacham lecture notes in computer science   2004.0 
adsp oâ ?? neil . the dangers of replication and a solution jn gray p helland  proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference  
dietary marine fatty acids ( fish oil ) for asthma in adults and children rk woods fc thien mj abramson cochrane database syst rev 2003.0    
voipâ ?? the access dimension dj thorne bt technology journal   2001.0 
inverter-fed multiphase reluctance machines with reduced armature reaction and improved power r mayer h mosebach u schrã ¶ der h weh proc . int . conf . electrical machines    
role-based security object-oriented database & separation of duties m nyanchama s osborn acm sigmod record    
testing syntax and semantic coverage of java language compilers as boujarwah k saleh j al-dallal information & software technology 1999.0 
personal interview with author d byrd   2004.0 
efficient implementation of large-scale multi-structural databases r fagin p kolaitis r kumar j novak d sivakumar proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
innovative programs and curricula . new directions for higher education ep martin  1975.0 
fuzzy sets fuzzy logic applications 1995 world scientific publishing co g bojadziev   
on the self-similarity of the logistic map zj grzywna ls liebovitch z siwy cellular and molecular biology letters 1997.0    
cd-rom . 2000 ed california : microsoft e encyclopedia   
a review and empirical analysis of feature weighting methods for a class of lazy learning algorithms d wettschereck dw aha t mohri  artificial intelligence review  
factors in navelina orange splitting proc . int . soc . citricult v de cicco f intrigliolo a ippolito s vanadia   
evaluation of remote backup algorithms for transaction processing systems h garcia-molina c polyzois acm transactions on database systems  
new cyclic difference sets with singer parameters jf dillon h dobbertin submitted for    
design and analysis of parametric query optimization algorithms s ganguly proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1998.0    
macrocultures : determinants and consequences e abrahamson cj fombrun  the academy of management review 1994.0 
the determinants of goal commitment ea locke gp latham m erez 1988.0  the academy of management review  
iso seeks to harmonize numerous global efforts in software process management mc paulk md konrad ieee computer    
program evaluation new directions for program evaluation 1980.0 je sieber   
internet protocol version 6 ( ipv6 ) 2000 microsoft windows 2000 tcp/ip protocols and services microsoft t lee j davies   
comb . and flame 6 ea arden j powling waw smith no . i  
rank/select operations on large alphabets : a tool for text indexing a golynski ji munro ss rao    
polymerase chain reaction monitoring reduces the incidence of cytomegalovirus disease and the h einsele    
bringing sketching tools to keychain computers with an acceleration-based interface g levin p yarin    
control of discrete two-time scale system by using piecewise constant periodic output feedback bm patre b bandyopadhyay h werner  systems science-wroclaw - 1997.0 
server-based characterization and inference of internet performance vn padmanabhan l qiu h wang    
graph structure in the web : experiments and models computer networks r kumar f maghoul p raghavanâ ? ¦   
indexing techniques for object-oriented databases acm press frontier series 1989.0 w kim kc kim a dale   
the rat brain in stereotaxic coordinates academic press inc san diego g paxinos c watson   
books wisconsin studies in contemporary literature jr bryer tj bergin jr  1967.0 
a method for change computation in deductive databases 1992.0 t urpi vldb  
irreversibility and adiabatic computation : trading time for energy m li pmb vitanyi   
the self-sufficiency project at 36 months : effects on children of a program that increased parental p morris c michalopoulos 2000.0    
on b-tree indices for skewed distributions hv jagadish vldb 1992.0 
b-tree page size when caching is considered . sigmod record 1998.0 acms anthology   
deconstructing binary race and sex categories : a comparison of the multiracial and transgendered ja greenberg san diego law review 2002.0 
join synopses for approximate query answering s acharya pb gibbons    
automated rich presentation of a semantic topic l lu z li proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0    
authenticity and positivity strivings in marriage and courtship wb swann c de la ronde jg hixon 1994.0  journal of personality and social psychology  
an nf1 motif plays a central role in hepatitis b virus enhancer a ori d atzmony i haviv y shaul virology-new york - 1994.0 
a fuzzy logic based language to model autonomous mobile robots procs . of the eighth ieee intl. conf . on fuzzy systems . & hellip ; af gomez-skarmeta h martinez-barbera m sanchez   
network computing mc revett mdt knul l stephens bt technology journal   1997.0 
how should multifaceted personality constructs be tested ? issues illustrated by self-monitoring 1989.0 cs carver journal of personality and social psychology  
on semantic query optimization in deductive databases lvs lakshmanan r missaoui    
self-organising fuzzy logic control and application to muscle relaxant anaesthesia da linkens    
nonlinear regulator design for grind ing anb spindle based on optimal control 1998.0 l zhao w jiang h congâ ? ¦ allaire p trumper d. proceedings of the sixth international & hellip ;  
the evaluator as educator ri wise 1980.0  new directions for program evaluation  
product design and development 2 . int . edition kt ulrich sd eppinger   
semantics based transaction management techniques for replicated data a kumar m stonebraker 1988.0  proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
improved query performance with variant indexes acm sigmod intl p ã?neill d quass conf . on management of data tucson  
issues in multimedia databases proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; hv jagadish  1993.0 
carcinoma in situ of the cervix uteri some cytogenetic observations lancet i 1962.0 ai spriggs mm boddington cm clarke   
an adaptive congestion control mechanism for intelligent broadband networks 2001.0 se polykalas gt kolyvas is venieris computer networks  
user 's manual for the brl subroutine to calculate bessel functions of integral order and complex kl zimmerman as elder ak depue  md  
voting over non-linear taxes in a stylized representative democracy . h bohn c stuart university of california at santa barbara mimeo  
commentary : fourth geneva convention : relative to the protection of civilian persons in time of war j pictet  at  
viewpoint can a course be taught entirely via email ? vv phoha communications-acm 1999.0 
xeros signs up eds m halper    
cyclic nucleotides as modulators of leukocyte chemotaxis see ref hr hill   
mammalian lymph in tissue culture from lymphocyte to w bloom   
digital village the discipline of internet forensics h berghel communications-acm 2003.0 
larch : languages and tools for formal specification 1993.0 j guttag jj horningâ ? ¦   
graph structure in the web www9 computer networks az broder sr kumar f maghoul p raghavan s   
learning concepts by interaction pr cohen   
indexing the positions of continously moving objects proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data s saltenis cs jensen st leutenegger ma lopez   
suction controlled oedometric tests in montmorillonite clay mv villar pl martin proc . 29th annual conference of the engineering group of the & hellip ;  
piecewise linear structures on topological manifolds eprint arxiv : math y rudyak    
linear queries in statistical databases 1979.0 md schwartz de denning pj denning acm transactions on database systems  
continuing professional education : a spiritually based program lw miller 2000.0  new directions for adult and continuing education  
tonomuray ( 1997 ) panoramaexcerpts : extracting and packing panoramas for video browsing aa taniguchiy proc . acm multimedia conference  
a semi-triangle-inequality for distances between shapes ibm research division almaden research center san jose & hellip ; r fagin l stockmeyer   
ethnic factor in the himalayan kingdoms 1995.0 k labh international studies-bombay then new delhi -  
microsoft opens door on â ?? janus â ?? mj foley microsoft    
the 1980-81 washington pre-college counselors guide rj noeth seattle : washington pre-college test program  
speed and data structures in computer algebra systems acm sigsam bulletin rj fateman cg ponder  1989.0 
the flag taxonomy of open hypermedia systems . hypertextâ ¹ 96 proceedings k osterbye uk wiil  1996.0 
observations of semidiurnal atmospheric tides using the eiscat incoherent scatter radar ( abstract a huuskonen t nygren proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder jl martin mj barbanoj v perez m sacristan 2003.0  cochrane database syst rev  
tissue-engineered growth of bone and cartilage ca vacanti w kim j uptonâ ? ¦ 1993.0    
whiteness and americanness : examining constructions of race culture and nation in white womenâ ?? s r frankenberg see ref    
john hancock presentation at the private long-term care insurance conference san diego ca m cheung   
ernesn 2000 biomagnetic systems for clinical use s della penna c del gratta c granata a phil .  
an introduction to high strength commercial waste . stuth co inc. and aqua test wl stuth c garrison inc. project . seattle washington  
more accurate equation for analyzing by the radial averaging method the separation of a binary at . vi tokmantsev   
putting social studies back into early primary classrooms . ek stuckey social studies and the young learner 1990.0 
observations of optical counterparts of gamma-ray bursts 1992.0 fk knight   
non-parametric models in the monitoring of engine performance and condition part 2 : non-intrusive f gu pj jacob ad ball   
self-similarity in the web d stephen k ravi m kevin r sridhar d sivakumar proc . vldbâ ?? 01  
sevcik : the grid file h nievergelt acm tods    
scalable high speed ip muting lookups [ a ] m waldvogel g varghese j turnerâ ? ¦ proc acm sigcomm  
the composition of boards of directors and strategic control : effects on corporate strategy 1990.0 b baysinger re hoskisson the academy of management review  
a hypertext system for cad applications proceedings of the international conference on management of & hellip ; nm delisle md schwartz   
observations on the nature distribution and significance of cephalosporinase 1963.0 pc fleming m goldner dg glass lancet i  
management for distributed computing environment-based applications n winton 1997.0  bt technology journal  
hard-won lessons in program evaluation m scriven new directions for program evaluation 1993.0 
cancer incidence and survival among children and adolescents : united states seer program 1975-1995 lag ries ma smith jg gurney m linet t tamra md    
large scale structures : observations and instrumentation proceedings of the daec ( departement d &#39; astrophysique & hellip ; 1988.0 c balkowski s gordon   
the student learning self-study : choices and opportunities 2001.0 sr hatfield new directions for higher education  
the struggle for the american curriculum ( 1893-1958 ) h kliebard    
ultrastructural localization ofl-fucose residues in nuclei of root primordia of the green peapisum the histochemical journal h chamberland jg lafontaine  1992.0 
toxicity assessment of waters from macquarie harbour western tasmania using algae invertebrates mount lyell remediation research and demonstration program & hellip ; jl stauber m ahsanullah b nowak tm florence   
please speak up : asian immigrant students in american college classrooms new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 bd hodne   
deduction of homogeneous turbulence statistics from single doppler radar observations conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 t gal-chen   
spectral analysis and discrimination by zero-crossings ieee proceedings b kedem  1986.0 
theory construction as disciplined imagination the academy of management review 1989.0 ke weick   
applications of fuzzy algorithms for simple dynamic plant eh mamdani  1974.0 
anipqo : almost non-intrusive parametric query optimization for nonlinear cost functions 2003.0 a hulgeri s sudarshan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
j. pirahesh h. and ramakrishnan r. magic is relevant is mumick s finkeistein  proceedings of acm  
vuw departmentofcomputerscience information and software technology pjl wallis  1994.0 
project size and software maintenance productivity : empirical evidence on economies of scale in rd banker s slaughter proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1994.0    
surface heat budget of the arctic ocean science plan arcss/oaii report number 5 re moritz dk perovich seattle : university of washington  
review of load-flow calculation methods proc . ieee b stott   
sip and h. 323â ?? interworking voip networks 2001.0 a stephens pj cordell bt technology journal  
boogiepl : a typed procedural language for checking object-oriented programs r deline krm leino   
pitch determination of speech signals : a fuzzy fusion approach a saffiotti a soquet    
sources of conflict between work and family roles 1985.0 jh greenhaus nj beutell the academy of management review  
bindexing the positions of continuously moving objects ^ in proceedings of the acm international 2000.0 s saltenis cs jensen st leutenegger ma lopez   
nonlinear phenomena in materials science m agop n rezlescu g kalogirou graphic arts athens greece    
tg 1984 : longwave parameterization for the ucla/glas gcm . nasa tech . mem . 86072 goddard space c harshvardhan   
the solution of some 100-city travelling salesman problems a land unpublished manuscript  
stride scheduling : deterministic proportionalshare resource management . technical memorandum mit/lcs/tm { 528 laboratory for computer science massachusetts ca waldspurger we weihl   
from epidemics to distributed computing pt eugster r guerraoui am kermarrec l massoulie    
a simplified derivation of linear least square smoothing and prediction theory hw bode ce shannon proc . ire  
speech recognition by hierarchical segment classification h behme wd brandt hw strube  proc . icann  
audiologists desk reference volumen i singular publising group inc j hall hg mueller san diego london  
a coverage-preserving node scheduling scheme for large wireless sensor networks nd georganas 2002.0  proceedings of the 1st acm international workshop on & hellip ;  
database cost analysis : a topdown approach th merrett  proceedings of the acm-sigmod international conference on & hellip ; 1977.0 
pico : automatically designing custom computers v kathail s aditya   
baton : a balanced tree structure for peer-to-peer networks proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 hv jagadish bc ooi qh vu   
application of the hazard analysis critical control point ( haccp ) system in the food industry c tzia a tsiapouris  papasotiriou athens ( greece )  
and macro international inc. zimbabwe demographic and health survey 1994 . central statistical cs office md    
huron college : an intergenerational program . new directions for higher education 1980.0 wf price jd bromert   
compiling complex transition database triggers d cohen proceedings of acm sigmod    
system dynamics : a unified approach d karnopp   
equi-depth histograms for estimating selectivity factors for multi-dimensional queries proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on mmdj dewitt   
reconceptualizing mentoring at work : a developmental network perspective mc higgins ke kram 2001.0  academy of management review  
an applied-calculus for iteration templates h simmons   
sigsoftâ ?? 96 international workshop on multiple perspectives in software development ( viewpointsâ ?? a finkelstein g spanoudakis 1996.0    
doppler radar and electrical activity observations of a mountain thunderstorm r lhermitte e williams  conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
author index with titles gg barnafoldi g papp p levai g fai ls barnby  j. phys . g : nucl . part . phys 2004.0 
on the expression complexity of the modal-calculus model checking s dziembowski m jurdzinski d niwinski   1996.0 
integers without large prime factors in arithmetic progressions a granville    
the enzymes in food processing kl parkin  1993.0 
summing up : themes and issues related to learning in groups new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 s imel   
the treatment of akinesia using virutal images [ masterâ ?? s thesis ] j prothero  seattle : university of washington  
stride scheduling : deterministic proportional-share resource management . technical memorandum mit / ca waldspurger we weihl 1995.0    
element evaluation in resistive networks ja starzyk h dai proc . 28th midwest symp . circuits  
computer forensics : high-tech law enforcement l garber    
functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri ) of the spinal cord : a methodological study jcw brooks m robson p schweinhardt r wise i proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the american pain & hellip ;  
hytime : evaluation and implementation experience proceedings of acm hypertext j buford   
terrain mapping of radar satellite images rd paget d longsta electronic imaging  
microwave linear power amplifier with micromodule technology g locatelli l ricco m nannicini & hellip ; conference on communicationsâ ?? ( seattle washington  
a gradient from stable to cyclic populations of clethrionomys rufocanus in hokkaido japan nc stenseth on bjornstad t saitoh 1996.0  proceedings : biological sciences  
smarten up ! j maglitta computerworld    
writing post-soviet estonia on to the world map e berg s oras 2000.0  political geography  
hydrokinetic solutions and observations phil mag k lord   
multiplayer gaming : two or more is war me ryan pc magazine-american edition -  
new concepts of cattle growth . rt berg rm butterfield   1976.0 
preferences for separating or combining events 1991.0 pw linville gw fischer journal of personality and social psychology  
delille jacques : delfort robert m de lenois    
hypertext document generator in a computer supported cooperative work environment y chang kh chang l murphy twd ii bg lee jd  proceedings 1997 acm southeast  
linear clustering of objects with multiple attributes proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data hv jagadish  1990.0 
facility location problem with concave cost functions . m hajiaghayi m mahdian m mirrokni 2002.0  unpublished manuscript  
blending two cultures : state legislative auditing and evaluation ra brooks new directions for program evaluation    
tappi pulp . conf sj szegda  1994.0 
cambridge : cambridge university press ; 2000 gb regulation   
information technology diffusion : a review of empirical research rg fichman   
prey abundance space use demography and foraging habitat of northern goshawks in western 2002.0 td bloxton   
stellar structure s chandrasekhar new york  
on the separation of equalization and coding proc . 29th allerton conf . communication control and jm cioffi   
for whom is liberal education produced ? . new directions for higher education dw breneman  1994.0 
hasanw. krishnamurthy r. query optimization for parallel execution s ganguly proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of  
film criticism and micro-computer courseware evaluation gm della-piana  new directions for program evaluation 1982.0 
e cient similarity search and classi cation via rank aggregation r fagin r kumar d sivakumar proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;  
study of combustion characteristics of a compression ignition engine fuelled with dimethyl ether zh huang hw wang hy chen lb zhou dm jiang 1999.0  proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;  
relationship between interphase agnor distribution and nucleolar size in cancer cells m derenzini f farabegoli d trerã ¨ the histochemical journal   1992.0 
task complexity : a review and analysis dj campbell the academy of management review 1988.0    
the effects of a confluent language curriculum on the oral and written communication skills and b galyean   1977.0 
nonlinear stability of minkowski space d christodoulou s klainerman to  
navigating nowhere/hypertext infrawhere j rosenberg  acm sigweb newsletter 1994.0 
integration of qos-enabled distributed object computing middleware for developing next-generation y krishnamurthy v kachroo da karr c rodrigues    
standing for our children in our society our classrooms and our curriculum . resource & media gt alter social studies and the young learner   1996.0 
using logical objects to control hypertext appearance pj brown   
investigative journalism methods in educational evaluation 1982.0 de nelson new directions for program evaluation  
cultural variations in the cross-border transfer of organizational knowledge : an integrative 2002.0 rs bhagat bl kedia pd harveston hc triandis academy of management review  
august . congestion avoidance and control computer communications review proceedings of acm sigcomm v jacobson   
silent spill : the anatomy of a chronic pollution event td beamish  1999.0 
a supplement to sampling-based methods for query size estimation in a database system sigmod record 1992.0 y ling w sun   
dialogue specification and control : a review of models and techniques dt clarke gp crum information and software technology 1994.0 
legal and government implications of the ers standards for program evaluation new directions for program evaluation 1982.0 j cahn   
dow corning corporation : reengineering global processes j ross   
on finding duplication in strings and software submitted for bs baker   
relating distributed objects be martin rgg cattell  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
derived trail making test indices in a sample of cocaine abusers : demographic effects c roberts am horton jr   
the exodus optimizer generator g greafe dj dewitt & hellip ; of the 19117 acm-sigmod conference on the management of    
the index of community involvement n raynes r sumpton c pettipher unpublished manuscript    
personal tutoring and academic advice in focus isbn heq council   
learning text editing tasks from examples ih witten dm tels watch what i do : programming by    
d. schwartz â ?? neptune : a hypertext system for cad applications â ?? n delis1eandm  proc . acmsigmod acm new york  
organizational learning and diversification jm pennings h barkema s douma 1994.0  the academy of management journal  
when do women use aid to families with dependent children and food stamps ? the dynamics of the journal of human resources 1996.0 rm blank p ruggles   
learning to filter spam e-mail : a comparison of a naive bayesian and a memory-based approach i androutsopoulosâ ? ¦    
3d scene reconstruction from uncalibrated images u topay   2002.0 
measurement and assessment in teaching ( eighth edition ) / prentice-hall inc rl linn ne gronlund   2000.0 
finding salient features for personal web page categories mr wulfekuhler wfp iii 1997.0  www6 / computer networks  
donepezil for dementia due to alzheimerâ ?? s disease js birks r harvey  cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
an ultrahigh rate digital tape recorder for spacecraft applications 1973.0 cr thompson rj treadwell c powell & hellip ; telemetering conference washington d. c proceedings  
using the instructional budget to maintain quality . ca young new directions for higher education 1984.0    
an information-theoretic approach to data mining m last o maimon submitted to publication   1999.0 
improving interactional organizational research : a model of person-organization fit 1989.0 ja chatman the academy of management review  
note on the expected size of a join a rosenthal  sigmod record 1981.0 
a unified approach to conjugate gradient algorithms for solving nonsymmetric linear systems h sadok    
welfare time limits : an interim report card d bloom    
estimation of social value from willingness-to-pay data dl mc fadden unpublished manuscript    
on the cyclic to acyclic scheme transformation and solving cyclic queries zm ozsoyoglu e choukhmane proceedings of the 3rd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1984.0 
agricultural biotechnology : implications for food security v santaniello  proceedings of the 25 thinternational conference of & hellip ;  
farm labor and the evolution of food production see ref b bronson   
control and collaboration : paradoxes of governance c sundaramurthy m lewis 2003.0  academy of management review  
percutaneous transperineal cryosurgery of the prostate as salvage therapy for post radiation rj miller jr jk cohen b shuman la merlotti    
handbuch des fachsprachenunterrichts narr tã 1/4 bingen 2000 r buhlmann a fearns    
migrate documentation and program part of lamarc 0.9 p beerli   1997.0 
directions for future database research & development w kim acm sigmod record 1990.0 
the sequoia 2000 storage benchmark m stonebraker j frew k gardels j meredith  sigmod record 1993.0 
metastasis related genes and malignancy in human esophageal gastric and colorectal cancers e tahara h kuniyasu h nakayama w yasui h  gan to kagaku ryoho 1993.0 
food safety the media and the information market j swinnen j mccluskey n francken   
modeling random early detection in a differentiated services network computer networks 2002.0 aa abouzeid s roy   
coral reefs : the last two million years dr stoddart geography    
magic factoring of closure programs pt wood    
improved masking algorithm chaotic communications systems 1996.0 me zaghloul   
export flux in the western and central equatorial pacific : zonal and temporal variability 2000.0 jp dunne jw murray m rodier da hansell deep-sea research i  
vulcan a edwards a srivastava h vo  technical report msr-tr-99-76 microsoft research ( msr ) jan. .  
asymptotic behaviour to the 3-d schrodingerâ ?? poisson and wignerâ ?? poisson systems jl lopez j soler   
step to intrinsic absorption in doped silicon r heidinger j molla vv parshin proc . 21st int . conf . on infrared & millimeter  
using the tools of philosophy : metaphor in action ca lane 1982.0  new directions for program evaluation  
suif : an infrastructure for research on paralleli zing and optimizing compilers s amarasingheâ ? ¦  technical report stanford university may  
program personnel : the missing ingredient in describing the program environment ka peterson l bickman 1988.0  new directions for program evaluation  
national account program : apple targets large business in market push . computerworld. r batt  1981.0 
separation power of a gas centrifuge and certain errors in optimizing it oe aleksandrov  at .  
deconvolution of images and spectra academic pa jansson san diego calif    
relational users can learn from ims mistakes . tf o'neil computerworld. 1981.0 
automatic categorization of query results proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 k chakrabarti s chaudhuri s hwang   
keyword detection navigation and annotation in hierarchical text s chakrabarti b dom r agrawal p raghavan proc . 23rd vldb    
reflection and semantics in a procedural language cs brian  tecnical report 272 mit laboratory for computer science  
set-oriented constructs : fromrete rule bases todatabase systems dn gordin aj pasik proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on    
the space readiness coherent lidar experiment ( sparcle ) space shuttle mission 1998.0 mj kavaya gd emmitt proc . spie  
organizational actions in response to threats and opportunities academy of management journal p chattopadhyay wh glick gp huber  2001.0 
opportunity abundance scarcity : an overview g pontecorvo id .    
b-tree page size when caching is considered 1998.0 d lomet sigmod record  
lower track classrooms : a curricular and cultural perspective r page 1991.0    
a search structure for large multimedimensional dynamicindexes jt robinson proceedings of the 1981 acm sigmod international conference    
a guide to constructs of control ea skinner journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0    
autonomy in childrenâ ?? s learning : an experimental and individual difference investigation ws grolnick rm ryan  journal of personality and social psychology 1987.0 
how did welfare and work policies affect employment and income : a synthesis of research d bloom c michalopoulos  2001.0 
evaluation of remote backup algorithms for transaction-processing systems ca polyzois h garcia-molina acm transactions on database systems 1994.0 
costimulatory molecule-deficient dendritic cell progenitors induce t cell hyporesponsiveness in f fu y li s qian l lu fd chambers te starzl transplantation proceedings 1997.0    
universal finiteness and satisfiability is mumick o shmueli   
evaluating object dbmss for multimedia sigmod record p pazandak j srivastava  1986.0 
measuring and testing program philosophy kj conrad tq miller  new directions for program evaluation 1987.0 
running microsoft word 2000 1999.0 c rubin   
warm water vapour pixels over high clouds as observed by meteosat sa tjemkes l van de berg j schmetz contributions to atmospheric physics 1997.0    
structure and bonding jm lehn acc . chem . res  
handbook on formative and summative evaluation of student learning bs bloom  1971.0 
bindexing the positions of continuously moving objects sigmod s saltenis cs jensen st leutenegger ma lopez   
multi-agent trading environment mj owen l lee g sewell s steward d thomas bt technology journal   1999.0 
satellite crosspolar measurements at bt laboratories . rg howell jw harris m mehler bt technology journal 1992.0 
transaction restarts in prolog database systems s acharya gn buckley    
self-perception of intrinsic and extrinsic motivation bj calder bm staw journal of personality and social psychology   1975.0 
improving statistics canadaâ ?? s cell suppression software ( confid ) â ?? d robertson proceedings of the compstat 2000 conference 21.-25 . august & hellip ;  
performance = motivation x ability : an integration-theoretical analysis . 1974.0 nh anderson ca butzin journal of personality and social psychology  
surveying midlife development in the united states og brim dl featherman unpublished manuscript    
bifocal sampling for skew-resistant join size estimation sigmod conference s ganguly pb gibbons y matias a silberschatz  1996.0 
on inflow boundary conditions for large eddy simulation of turbulent swirling jets m garcä ± a-villalba j frohlich w rodi    
cascade adaptive speed control of a thyristor-driven dc motor . rm stephan v hahn h unbehauen  & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1988.0 
program design . fd van aalst new directions for higher education   1974.0 
what can i say ? : evaluating a spoken language interface to email d hindle g fabbrizio j fromer c mestel m proceedings of acm  
the state of the art of routing algorithms for demand actuated systems n wilson proc . acm urban symposium    
enterprise information portals m white electronic library   2000.0 
male honor and female fidelity : implicit cultural scripts that perpetuate domestic violence ja vandello d cohen journal of personality and social psychology 2003.0 
some findings on the network performance of broadband hosts k lakshminarayanan vn padmanabhan   
an algorithm for solving the discrete log problem on hyperelliptic curves p gaudry  lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
review of current regulation techniques for three-phase pwm inverters mp kazmierkowski ma dzieniakowski  iecon-proceedings - 1994.0 
clinical applications of the auditory brainstem responseâ ?? introduction and overviewâ ?? singular lj hood  san  
improved query performance with variant indexes . sigmod intl. conf p ã?neill d quass  on management of data tucson  
a and l. martin 1973 do cells cycle j smith proc .  
lighten up a laplante computerworld  
bidirectional expansion for keyword search on graph databases v kacholia s pandit s chakrabarti s sudarshan proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0    
expression of the myelin basic protein gene in transgenic mice expressing human neurotropic virus virology-new york - s haas ns haque ah beggs k khalili  1994.0 
utilizing unilateral and multilateral groups to enhance program development . ms charuhas new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
a review of the fractal image compression literature d saupe r hamzaoui acm siggraph computer graphics   1994.0 
microsoft windows 2000 security technical reference 2000.0 d clark   
improving mailed questionnaire design s sudman n bradburn 1984.0  new directions for program evaluation  
multi-media gets real c levin r raskin mj ross n zelnick pc magazine  
content manager on demand guide wd zhu s jefferson m adair m pepper h martens 2003.0    
game theory ( third edition ) academic press g owen  san diego  
two examples of group exams from communication and engineering kl sandell l welch  new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
a distributed heterogeneoussutercomputing management system g arif j yang ieee computer    
measuring child adolescent and family service use bj burns a angold ej costelloâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation    
qcdnum15 : a fast qcd evolution program m botje to  
simultaneity causality and spectral representations submitted for d censor   
self-similarity through high-variability : statistical analysis of ethernet lan traffic at the source w williger ms taqqu we leland dv wilson  proceedings of acm sigcomm  
multi-table joins through bitmapped join indices acm sigmod record on o'ngg95 patrick g graefe   
some observations on the development of the organization in phanerogamous plants m schleiden phil . mag    
presented at the nasa sel workshop dec. 1993 nasa goddard space flight center greenbelt md f mcgarry   
surgical interventions for age-related cataract ( cochrane review ) t snellingen jr evans t ravilla a foster  cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
incremental development : review of nonmonolithic life-cycle development models . dr graham information and software technology 1989.0    
exclusions and demand for insurance : risk theory seminar 1999 r garratt jm marshall   
fault-tolerant architectures for continuous media servers r rastogi pj shenoy a silberschatz sigmod conference 1996.0 
the design of a rotating associative memory for relational database applications cs lin dcp smith jm smith acm transactions on database systems   1976.0 
and social programs 1980.0 t evaluators new directions for program evaluation  
the human element in computerized conferencing systems sr hiltz  computer networks  
ballantine books m pipher   
impurity transport simulation in radiatively improved and itb plasmas in ftu l carraro m finkenthal k fournier l gabellieri   
managing rule conflicts in an active database hv jagadish ao mendelzon is mumick proceedings of the acm sigact sigmod sigart symposium on & hellip ; 1996.0 
â ?? a review of complementary transistor circuits ras is electronic design  
com + verstehen . ds platt   1999.0 
quickset : a multimodal interface for distributed interactive simulation pr cohen l chen j clow m johnston d mcgee j    
the organizational impact of profit sharing the academy of management review gw florkowski  1987.0 
shutdown budget and funding x qian 1996.0  sigmod record  
a general solution of the n-dimensional b-tree problem m freeston sigmod conference   1995.0 
l. oâ ?? gorman â ?? an object model for image recognition â ?? hv jagadish  ieee computer  
the influence of gender occupation ecological status autonomy and decision making opportunity on if rockman 1985.0    
social exclusion goes digital ? a critical reconceptualisation of the â ?? digital divideâ ?? r gill ac pratt association of american geographers annual conference new & hellip ;    
assessment of general learning : state university of new york college at fredonia jr hurtgen  new directions for higher education 1997.0 
a bit-level systolic block fir filter chip with built-in self-test structure '' jc wang cw wu  proc . int . symp .  
the sequoia storage benchmark m stonebraker j frew k gardels j meredith acm sigmod international conference on management of    
a plea for powder-free surgical gloves rf edlich  journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
die gallersche knochensammlung dokumentation teil 2 e amsler   1994.0 
on traveling incognito g ateniese a herzberg h krawczyk g tsudik computer networks   1999.0 
odmg-93 : a standard for object-oriented dbmss rgg cattell   
c. faloutsos estimating the selectivity of spatial queries using the â ?? correlationâ ?? fractal a belussi conference proceedings of vldb zurich switzerland sept  
a unified approach to program and data conversion bc housel vldb  
managing a db2 parallel edition database g fecteau 1995.0  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
scheduling a system of affine recurrence equations onto a systolic array y yaacoby   
tracking join and self-join sizes in limited storage proc acm sigact sigmod sigart symp princ database syst 1999.0 n alon pb gibbons y matias m szegedy   
smad8b a smad8 splice variant lacking the ssxs site that inhibits smad8-mediated signalling genes to cells m nishita n ueno h shibuya  1999.0 
security strategies for field area networks c schwaiger t sauter   
the inadequate environment : nitrogen and the abundance of animals tcr white 1993.0    
extracting comprehensible models from trained neural networks mw craven   1996.0 
organizing university economic development : lessons from continuing education and technology new directions for higher education 1997.0 gw matkin   
relational data base machines dcp smith jm smith  ieee computer  
the growth of world food output and population geography 1983.0 d grigg   
the er model toward a unified view of data pp chen acm transactions on database systems    
the phenomenological theory of linear viscoelastic behavior 1989.0 nw tschoegl   
introduction to object-oriented databases w kim    
environmental control of horn length dimorphism in the beetle onthophagus acuminatus ( coleoptera : dj emlen proceedings : biological sciences   1994.0 
a discussion of indices for the evaluation of fuzzy associations in relational databases d dubois h prade t sudkamp    
automatic resource compilation by analyzing hyperlink structure and associated text s chakrabarti b dom p raghavan s rajagopalan d www7 / computer networks 1998.0    
paying attention to the people work when planning educational programs for adults rm cervero al wilson new directions for adult and continuing education  
electromagnetic fields and wavesâ ?? second edition p lorrain d corson 1970.0    
welcome to our wilks/craig/mckee family homepage ! ( personal home page ) '' jd wilks    
the diamond mines of panna state in central india 1930.0 kp sinor   
examples of automatic asymptotic expansions acm sigsam bulletin 1991.0 b salvy   
absorbent products for the containment of urinary and/or faecal incontinence in adults e shirran m brazzelli cochrane . database . syst . rev 2000.0 
ho . a. dill j. and henigman f. the continuous zoom : a constrained fisheye technique for viewing l bartram proceedings of acm    
can you have it all ? '' : managing the time and budget against quality issue in a dynamic business ksy hung ajh simons a rose software quality management-international conference - 1998.0 
application of packet assembly technology to digital video and voip t kanda k shimamura proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
combining process modelling methods g abeysinghe k phalp information and software technology   1997.0 
humanature . austin : university of texas press 1996 p goin    
using technology in faculty development : practical examples kh gillespie 1998.0  new directions for teaching and learning  
the bang-file-a new kind of grid file in : proc m freeston acm sigmod international conference on management of data    
passive position location using nonlinear filters s challa af farhan    
reconceptualizing the determinants of risk behavior sb sitkin al pablo the academy of management review 1992.0 
variance of spike rate from auditory nerve following electrical pulsetrain stimulation of cochlea : sj oâ ?? leary ls irlicht ic bruce mw white gm submitted for  
nuffab '88 c ganguly 1988.0  bombay india 12-14 dec. 1988  
ecophysiology and growth of gelidium robustum in culture i sousa-pinto  1994.0 
callow . m and speed t. ( 2000 ) . statistical methods for identifying differentially expressed genes in y dudoit h yang technical report # 578 stanford : stanford  
building up a tool-box for martin-lof intuitionistic type theory g sambin s valentini  to  
canadaâ ?? s atlantic fisheries : new opportunities and problems j coull geography  
the last shot jh kolakowski journal of emergency nursing 1999.0 
longest prefix matching using bloom filters s dharmapurikar p krishnamurthy de taylor   
on the linear work hardening rate of fcc single crystals j friedel phil . mag    
fuzzy quasilinear spaces and applications md jimenez-gamero y chalco-cano ma rojas-medar submitted to    
workshop on reflective middleware f kon g blair rh campbell  proc . fip/acm middleware2000  
. springer-verlag new york 1958 pr halmos    
cross-validation and the bootstrap : estimating the error rate of a prediction rule . dept. of b efron r tibshirani 1995.0    
corticotropin-releasing factor and behavior gf koob fe bloom  fed proc 1985.0 
background risk prudence and the demand for insurance l eeckhoudt m kimball  contributions to insurance economics 1992.0 
from ideas and arguments to hyperdocuments : travelling through activity spaces proceedings of the second annual acm conference on hypertext 1989.0 na streitz j hannemann m thã 1/4 ring   
integrating triggers and declarative constraints in sql database systems r cochrane h pirahesh nm mattos vldb 1996.0    
the thankless task of cost containment ws reed new directions for higher education 1999.0 
make linear models of op amps electronic design jr greenbaum   
building connections : classrooms and communities in rural virginia mb bingman m martin a trawick 1996.0  new directions for adult and continuing education  
trends in marine surface wind speed : ocean weather stations versus voluntary observing ships hj isemer   
metaevaluation 1983.0 n nilsson d hogben new directions for program evaluation  
information assurance in b2c websites for information goods/services electronic markets 2004.0 dj kim n sivasailam hr rao   
the functions of program theory new directions for program evaluation 1987.0 l bickman   
cp-2 radar polarization lidar and in situ observations of a cirrus cloud layer k sassen rj keeler  conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
spectral theory of ordinary differential operators j weidmann 1987.0    
exploiting constraints indesign synthesis technical report stan-cs-88-1204 stanford university j finger   
generation of human artificial chromosomes expressing naturally controlled guanosine triphosphate genes to cells 2002.0 m ikeno h inagaki k nagata m morita h ichinose   
caterpillar to launch satellite video conferencing system computerworld j cope   
the limits of containment d bowden  aaal conference seattle washington . 28th february  
committee hearings as an evaluation format nk stenzel new directions for program evaluation 1982.0 
flexible string matching against large databases in practice proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 n koudas a marathe d srivastava   
d. quass improved query performance with variant indexes po neil proceedings of acm sigmod    
the last wave of affirmative action wisconsin law review m adams  1998.0 
multicard : an open hypermedia system a rizk l sauter proceedings of the acm conference on hypertext 1993.0    
sanctions and welfare reform . policy brief # 12 d bloom d winstead 2001.0    
participatory evaluation : a tool to assess projects and empower people new directions for program evaluation i brunner a guzman  1989.0 
combining computational effects : sum and tensor m hyland gd plotkin aj power   
a description language and pilot-system executive for information-transport systems 1979.0 e sandewall vldb  
personal and contextual determinants of coping strategies cj holahan rh moos   1987.0 
critical questions about multicultural big books in the early childhood classroom . pull-out feature . 1995.0 eh rowell social studies and the young learner  
lie algebras associated to fiber-type arrangements preprint 2000 available at arxiv : math dc cohen fr cohen m xicotencatl   
spy stoppers c metz pc magazine . march    
a transaction logic for database specification x qian r waldinger proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1988.0    
compiling separable recursions j pjww naughton proc . of the 1988 acm-sigmod conference on the management of & hellip ;  
three-dimensional reflection of shock waves propagating in square crosssectional tubes proc of the 21st int syrup on shock z jiang o onodera k takayama   
the effects of bone plug length and screw diameter on the holding strength of bone-tendon-bone 1998.0 g pomeroy m baltz k pierz m nowak w post jp arthroscopy-new york -  
back to eden 5th edn . ( 1939 ) reprinted by lifeline books santa barbara california ( 1975 j kloss   
knowledge bargaining power and the instability of international joint ventures ac inkpen pw beamish the academy of management review   1997.0 
p. 461 2000 h gã 1/4 mã 1/4 å?kaya m ve bilgisayarlar a yayä ± nlarä ±   
a general critical-strain criterion for crazing in amorphous glassy polymers rj oxborough pb bowden phil . mag    
object-oriented real-time systems : concepts and examples te bihari   
the new idria serpentinite of california : a toxic rock ? : geological society of america abstracts m ross 1994 annual meeting seattle washington october  
sellis 1991 : r. ng c. faloutsos and t. sellis flexible buffer allocation based on marginal gains f ng proc . acm sigmod  
co. 2000 d verwã ¶ hnungsfalle a wunsch kv gmbh   
the sequoia 2000 benchmark m stonebraker j frew k gardels j meredith sigmod conference  
the teaching of evaluation in schools of management r perloff rf rich new directions for program evaluation   1986.0 
mechanisms linking work and family : clarifying the relationship between work and family constructs academy of management review 2000.0 jr edwards np rothbard   
analysis of hourly surface weather observations 1988-1992 computer data file mit/lincoln laboratory lexington ma ( d clark j evans   
fluoride gels for preventing dental caries in children and adolescents ( cochrane review ) vcc marinho jpt higgins s logan a sheiham cochrane database syst rev 2002.0    
developmental care for promoting development and preventing morbidity in preterm infants ( cochrane a symington j pinelli  cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
the senior faculty : higher education 's plentiful yet largely untapped resource mj finkelstein n dorset jemmott 1993.0  new directions for teaching and learning  
magic counting methods d sacca  proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1987.0 
memory-cpu interface speeds up data transfers d bursky electronic design  
the use of fuzzy cognitive maps to simulate the information systems strategic planning process information & software technology 1999.0 d kardaras b karakostas   
cross-sensitivity and the anticonvulsant hypersensitivity syndrome dm moss m rudis so henderson journal of emergency medicine 1999.0    
the anatomy and morphology of the joshua tree ( yucca brevifolia ) : an arborescent monocot 1975.0 pg simpson   
douglas ross talks about structured analysis ( interview ) dt ross ieee computer  
w halperin bi and varma cm 1972 p anderson phil .  
personal communication unpublished manuscript d dagenbach   
noncrossing partitions in surprising locations preprint j mccammond university of californiaâ ?? santa barbara santa barbara ca  
preventing the misuse of evaluation . cj stevens m dialâ ? ¦  new directions for program evaluation 1994.0 
evaluation of diagnostic peritoneal lavage in stable patients with gunshot wounds to the abdomen journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 j kelemen r martin j obney   
descendants of nathaniel pistole gunn ( personal home page : 15 feb 1999 ) '' d martin    
an improved automatic lipreading system to enhance speech recognition ed petajan b bischoff d bodoff nm brooke    
mix : a meta-data indexing system for xml sr cho n koudas d srivastava proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
uitgebracht ) juli 1991 a inzake de technische universiteiten   
fuzzy control systems a kandel g langholz  1993.0 
bid . 1078 700 9 s shaik    
cardio spasm br cohen m guelrud achalasia : demonstration of supersensitivity of the lower & hellip ;  
investigation of polymeric space-charge and optically-nonlinear dipole electrets g yang   1996.0 
cancer statistics review 1973â ?? 1988 . nih publication no. 91-2789 national cancer institute l ries b hankey b miller a hartman b edwards md  
58 60 67 68 69-71 91 156 231 233 235 245 life magazine 197 light dr. fw 139 limousine : w liebeler    
using linked micromap plots to characterize omernik ecoregions db carr ar olsen sm pierson jyp courbois 2000.0  data mining and knowledge discovery  
how to survive when demand exceeds supply : implementing a problem tracking system 1995.0 t murray l brigman proceedings of the 23rd annual acm siguccs conference on & hellip ;  
automatic resource compilation by analysing hyperlink structure and associated text ibm almaden research center p raghavan   
computational geometry by example m de berg m van kreveld m overmars o  unpublished manuscript  
environmental equity in urban texas : race income and patterns of acute and chronic toxic air urban geography 1999.0 jp tiefenbacher   
self-employment for welfare recipients : implementation of the seid program gc doolittle bl fink  new york : manpower research demonstration corporation  
a distributed database for biomolecular images ak singh bs manjunath rf murphy sigmod record   2004.0 
hardware emulation draws speed from innovative 3d parallel processing based on custom ics l maliniak  electronic design  
turmoil at nasa and numerous funding announcements x qian sigmod record   1995.0 
asymptotic probabilities of overestimating and underestimating the order of a model in general d haughton c keribin 2001.0    
cellular heterogeneity in human transitional cell carcinoma : an anlysis of optical properties and the histochemical journal 1992.0 gk ward ss stewart g dotsikas gb price wj   
food safety : a reference handbook . abc-clio ne redman inc. : santa barbara california  
information rules harvard business school press c shapiro hr varian boston  
p. & zeidner m. ( 2000 ) . ( eds . ) . handbook of self-regulation mp boekaerts san diego  
improving software quality and productivity dn card tl clark ra berg 1987.0  information and software technology  
formal semantics for time in databases . r source m zentralblatt 1983.0  acm trans . database syst  
new directions for urban adult education lg martin ee rogers new directions for adult and continuing education   2004.0 
vector maps of finite and periodic point sets d wrinch phil .  
the performance of multiprogrammed multiprocessing scheduling policies st leutenegger mk vernon  proc . acm sigmetrics conf  
pipelining in multi-query optimization nn dalvi sk sanghai p roy s sudarshan    
nonlinear blind source separation by self-organizing maps p pajunen a hyvarinen j karhunen proc . int . conf . on neural information  
ageneral solution ofthe n-dimensional b-tree problem m freeston proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
layout impact of resolution enhancement techniques : impediment or opportunity ? lw liebmann    
improved h-mode access with inboard gas puffing ar field er arends pg carolan pj catto nj    
introductory computer science for general education : laboratories textbooks and the internet r mcfall g stegink    
how lossy compression shrinks images . b simon pc  
anatomy of a real e-commerce system a jhingran    
bergeyâ ?? s manual of determinative bacteriology ninth edition . williams and wilkins baltimore md jg holt nr krieg pha sneath jt staley   
checking computations in polylogarithmic time lb bfls l fortnow l levin m szegedy proceedings of the 23rd annual acm symposium on the theory & hellip ;    
measurement of silicon strength as affected by wafer back processing g hawkins h berg m mahalingamâ ? ¦ 25 thannual proceedings : reliability physics ieee    
the design of postgres l rowe m stonebraker & hellip ; of the 1986 acm-sigmod conference on management of data & hellip ;    
critical multiplism meta-analysis and generalization : an integrative commentary aj figueredo 1993.0  new directions for program evaluation  
benzodiazepine facilitation of opiate reward 1999.0 bm walker   
educating the whole person rm berdahl  new directions for teaching and learning 1995.0 
reference maintenance & user 's guide for the knee ligament arthrometer md daniel san diego : medmetric    
system description : twelf-a meta-logical framework for deductive systems lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 f pfenning c schuermann   
personal goals and emotional well-being : the moderating role of motive dispositions 1998.0 jc brunstein oc schultheiss r graessmann journal of personality and social psychology  
inside windows 2000 : third edition 2001.0 s russinovich   
parametric query optimization the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 ye ioannidis rt ng k shim tk sellis   
aquarius prolog p van roy ieee computer  
linear clustering of objects with multiple attributes . acm sigmod intl hv jagadish conference on management of data    
on the semantics of updates in databases r fagin jd ullman my vardi proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1983.0    
staples joins kiosk retailers l mearian    
cognitive style categorization and vocational effectss on performance of rel database users acm sigsoc bulletin 1981.0 dg egly kt wescourt   
notes on digital coding mje golay proc . ieee  
electronic textbook of electromagnetic waves z raida    
jd ullman system/ua database system based on the universal relation assumption hfk kkfgui gm kuper j felgenbaum a van gelder acm tods  
geography institutions and diversity as factors underlying heterogeneity : a bayesian treed cm tan  university of wisconsin  
the bang file : a new kindof gridfile m freeston proc . acm sigmod conference    
model-reduction with time delay combining the least-squares method with the ga zj yang t hachini t tsuji iee proceedings -- part d    
panoramaexcerpts : extracting and packing panoramas for video browsing y tanigushi a akutsu y tonomura proc . acm multimedia  
analysis of nonlinear resonance in rotated y-cut quartz thickness-shear resonators proc . 29th annual freg . control symposium hf tiersten   
images of anrâ ?? s g kozlowski unpublished  
a framework for the performance analysis of concurrent b-tree algorithms t johnson d shasha proceedings of the ninth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1990.0    
a fast algorithm for training support vector machines j platt technical report microsoft research    
the self-study as a chariot for strategic change rr martin k manning ja ramaley  new directions for higher education 2001.0 
managerial skill development the academy of management review ja waters  1980.0 
a procedure for sailing performance analysis based on full-scale log entries and towing test data je kerwin   1974.0 
adaptive fuzzy median filter p yu cs lee proc int symp artificial neural networks   1993.0 
compensating networks for sliding-mode control . g roberto  1995.0 
antidepressants versus placebo for people with bulimia nervosa ( cochrane review ) j bacaltchuk p hay cochrane database syst rev 2001.0    
secure spontaneous device authentication proc . acm ubicomp t kindberg k zhang   
ftp : the family transition program : final report on florida 's initial time-limited welfare program 2000.0 d bloom   
towards a wide spectrum language to support program specification and program development fl bauer m broy r gnatz w hesse b krieg -  acm sigplan notices 1978.0 
the chronicle data model procs . of the acm symp . on principles of database systems hv jagadish is mumick a silberschatz   
testing containment of conjunctive queries under functional and inclusion dependencies 1982.0 ds johnson a klug proceedings of the 1st acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;  
an evaluation of processes that influence variation in abundance of a coral reef fish js shima 1999.0    
long-term movie popularity models in video-on-demand systems m bar c griwodz l wolf proceedings of acm multimedia conference  
estimating the selectivity of spatial queries using the a belussi c faloutsos  correlation '' fractal dimension '' proc . 21st vldb conf  
separation and biostimulation of soybeans using high-intensity electric fields r morar a iuga l dascalescu v neamtu i proc . int . conf . modern  
scalable high speed ip lookups m waldvogel g varghese j turner b plattner proc . acm    
adaptive stabilization of multivariable linear systems ci byrnes jc willems proceedings of the 23rd conference on decision and control & hellip ;  
ballantine books m thompson    
combinatorial and experimental results for randomized point algorithms p raghavan s irani proc . 12th . acm . scg    
managing a db2 parallel edition database g fe & au n york c ontario    
ta training resources . dl wright new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 
matching range images of human faces jc lee e milios    
stakeholders as deck chairs ca murray new directions for program evaluation 1983.0    
the mental maps of children h matthews geography    
indentifying representation trends in massive time series data sets using sketches proc . of the 26th intâ ?? l conference on very large data & hellip ; p indyk n koudas s muthukrishnan   
reconstruction and interpretation of 3d body surface images l dekker bf buxton i douros t vassilev  procs of scanning  
modelling business rules in an office environment p loucopoulos e katsouli acm sigois bulletin 1992.0    
on the power of magic proc . acm pods c becri r ramakrishnan   
12 389â ± 395 ; f ) s. anderson hl anderson jkm sanders dhbji phenom acc . chem . res  
coral reef fishes : dynamics and diversity in a complex ecosystem : academic press san diego pf sale   
correlation between self-efficacy and self-esteem in students jk mckenzie  1999.0 
viki : spatial hypertext supporting emergent structure cm catherine ms frank hc james proc . acm  
problem solving in the mathematics classroom : a socio-constructivist account of the role of students p eynde e de corte l verschaffel proceedings of 25 thannual conference for the psychology of & hellip ;  
sheldonj . finkelstein hamid pirahesh and raghu ramakrishnan . magic conditions proc . 9th acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium on principles is mumick   
soil survey of worcester county wj latimer rfr martin mo lanphear  massachusetts . technical report massachusetts department of  
based blind source separation december 2001 : ica2001 conference s rickard r balan jrrt time-frequency  san diego  
measurement of distance and height in images based on easy attainable calibration parameters t bucher    
intrinsic and extrinsic religiousness : review and meta-analysis journal of personality and social psychology mj donahue   
combining global codc and data compaction b de sutter b de bus k de bosschere s debray   
l' e-lyee : coupling l'ecritoire and lyeeall . information & software technology 2002.0 c rolland   
leveraging non-relevant images to enhance image retrieval performance r gupta s ghosal 2002.0  proceedings of the tenth acm international conference on & hellip ;  
periodic phenomena connected with gas-solid fluidization jw hiby proc . int . symp . on fluidization  
the fragile base class problem and its solution l mikhajlov e sekerinski   
asymptotics in statistics lm le cam l marie gl yang   
cytokine-inducible sh2 protein-3 ( cis3/socs3 ) inhibits janus tyrosine kinase by binding through the a sasaki h yasukawa a suzuki s kamizono t genes to cells 1999.0 
the optimal retrieval start times of media objects for the multimedia presentation information & software technology sw kim sj kim ti jeong sw yoo  2001.0 
social cognitive theory of organizational management 1989.0 r wood a bandura the academy of management review  
the anatomy of collective failure in the netherlands 1985.0 a hoogerwerf new directions for program evaluation  
inferred hinterlands : the example of new zealand seaports pj rimmer geography    
equi-depth histograms for estimating selectivity factors for multi-dimensional queries sigmod conference m muralikrishna dj dewitt   
maximally flat lowpass filters realizable as allpass sums iw selesnick submitted for    
sdl basics r brk  computer networks  
alpha-lipoic acid alike anethole dithiolethione but in contrast to n-acetylcysteine stimulates j flier fl van muiswinkel cam jongenelen fm    
l. and eliã `` ns a.â ?? style sheet support for hypermedia documentsâ ?? proceedings of acm hypertext j van ossenbruggen lr hardman   
assessment of body composition with use of dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry : evaluation and 1993.0 md jensen ja kanaley lr roustâ ? ¦ mayo clinic proceedings  
programming windows 3.1 microsoft press books - c petzold   
pastry : scalable distributed object location and routing for large-scale p2p systems a rowstron p druschel  proc . ifip/acm middleware  
author : brooks pc proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; pc brooks  2002.0 
a unified approach to short-time fourier analysis and synthesis jb allen lr rabiner 1977.0  ieee proceedings  
20th conference on local computer networks 1995.0 c los alamitos computer networks  
tcp nice : a mechanism for background transfers a venkataramani r kokku m dahlin  acm sigops operating systems review 2002.0 
bilateral filtering for gray and color images '' int ' l conf c tomasi r manduchi comp . vis. bombay india  
seer cancer statistics review 1973-1990 national cancer institute . bethesda ba miller lag ries bf hankey cl kosary a md  
social loafing : a meta-analytic review and theoretical integration journal of personality and social psychology sj karau kd williams  1993.0 
and d. shasha p. oâ ?? neil . the dangers of replication and a solution jn gray p helland proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference  
k. konolige â ?? â ?? blending reactivity and goal-directidness in a fuzzy controllerâ ?? â ?? a saffioti eh ruspini  procs . of the second ieee conf . on fuzzy  
satellite co-polar measurements at bt laboratories rg howell jw harris m mehler bt technology journal 1992.0 
unsteady squeeze film derivation for incompressible fluid technical report massachusetts institute of technology 2000 . ja carretero   
a review of 300 attempted strangulation cases part i : criminal legal issues journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 gb strack ge mcclane d hawley   
the labyrinth of kurdish selfdetermination 1995.0 h khashan international studies-bombay then new delhi -  
stanford graphics 2.1 lives up to its potential r miller pc magazine 1993.0    
nowa huta : a new polish iron and steel plant njg pounds geography  
immunotherapy for recurrent miscarriage jr scott cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
honeycomb-automated nids signature generation using honeypots poster paper proceedings of acm sigcomm c kreibich   
equestrian injuries : a five-year review gd hobbs dm yealy j rivas journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
un environnement logiciel pour la synthã ¨ se de haut niveau dâ ?? applications dsp faible consommation 1997.0 e martin s gailhard n julien o sentieys   
persoonsgebonden budget verpleging & verzorging : arbeidsmarktpositie van zorgverleners februari f baarveld t miltenburg c ramakers   
active magnetic bearings-basics properties and applications g schweitzer a traxler h bleuler   1994.0 
the object filter and access control framework v hays m loutrel eb fernandez    
reconsidering the use of race as an explanatory variable in program evaluation je davis new directions for program evaluation 1992.0 
evaluation and social justice : issues in public education . ka sirotnikâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation 1990.0    
incorporating hierarchy in a relational model of data hv jagadish   
de revolutionibus libri sex . nuremberg : petreius n copernicus    
attenuation basted correction of spectral backscattering in lake mã $ laren central sweden & hellip ; workshop on imaging spectropscopy zurich switzerland n strã ¶ mbeck   
running microsoft office 2000 m halvorson mj young  1999.0 
mining deviants in a time series database hv jagadish n koudas s muthukrishnan proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ; 1999.0 
regression rank scores tests for regression with random regressors . 1997.0 j picek   
the eternity service proceedings of pragocrypt 1996.0 rj anderson   
interlink inc fs resistor santa barbara  
z-lopeâ ¬ z jf stoddart v balzani m gome acc . chem . res  
on the correlation of internet flow characteristics k lan j heidemann   
central nervous system involvement in childhood brucellosis h caksen d odabas s arslan af oner  journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
information architecture : a new discipline for organizing hypertext opening keynote speech at p kahn proceedings of acm hypertext &#39; 01  
polap : a fast wavelet-based technique for progressive evaluation of olap queries rr schmidt c shahabi   
metamathematics of first-order arithmetic p hã ¡ jek p pudlã ¡ k   1993.0 
synchronous wc kwong pr pruncal cdma demonstration for fibreâ ?? optic networks with optical & hellip ;    
on indexing line segments hv jagadish vldb   1990.0 
acoustic surface wave filters rh tancrell mg holland proc . ieee  
race education and the construction of a disabled class t glennon  wisconsin law review 1995.0 
parallel functional languages and compilers 1991.0 bk szymanski   
two layer vector quantization of images j mihalik    
eâ ? ectiveness of optimal node assignments in wavelength division multiplexing networks withâ ® xed f siu rkc chang computer networks 2002.0    
the zucker-fatty rat : a review ga bray  fed proc 1977.0 
artistic creation as stimulated by superimposed versus separated visual images 1980.0 rs sobel a rothenberg journal of personality and social psychology  
social factors of adjudicated juvenile offenders in texas cjp council   
rf cavities for the positron accumulator ring of the advanced photon source y kangâ ? ¦  procs . of the 1995 particle accelerator conf. dallas texas  
separation and information hiding portal.acm.org   
improving the accuracy of measurement-based geographic location of internet hosts a ziviani s fdida jf de rezende o duarte a 2005.0  computer networks  
using taxonomy discriminants and signatures for navigating in text databases '' vldb 1997 446-455 s chakrabarti d dom r agrawal p raghavan  the vldb journal  
tables of the function fx ( - log | ly | / y ) dy with an account of some properties of this and related k mitchell phil . mag    
a system-wide macro facility based on aggregate events : a proposal ds kosbie ba myers    
workforce scheduling with multiple objectives i castillo t joro y li 2003.0    
block implementation of one-dimensional recursive digital filters r gnanasekaran ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara.   1978.0 
wage discrimination : reduced form and structural estimates the journal of human resources as blinder  1973.0 
multi-table joins through bitmapped join indices g graefe poâ ?? neil  acm sigmod record  
modeling skewed distribution using multifractals and the80-20 ` law proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 c faloutsos y matias a silberschatz   
testing the diversity of multi version software using fault injection procs of advances in safety and reliability sarss l chen j napier j may g hughes   
spectral composition of far-infrared laser radiation optically excited in methyl fluoride & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 de evans bw james wa peebles le sharp   
deductive database system proc acn sigmod on management of data g phippc   
place g ( 2000 ) learning objects : communicating the pedagogical potential g hepburn procs of ed media    
the case against budget surpluses : why government debt is good and moderate budget deficits are t palley  & hellip ; economics association meetings montreal canada ( june )  
confocal microscopical analysis of epithelial cell heterogeneity in mouse peyer 's patches 1992.0 ps james c rossetti mw smith d cremaschi the histochemical journal  
handling real-time images comes naturally to systolic array chip electronic design w hannaway g shea wr bishop   
a splitter filter for use with vdsl at the cabinet jw cook 2001.0  bt technology journal  
design and implementation of advanced knowledge processing in the kbms krisys mj carey da j thomas s deã?loch nm mattos  proc . acm sigmod exhibits program san jose ca sigmod & hellip ;  
the evaluation of primary prevention programs bl bloom see ref    
n-dimensional brushes : gaining insights into relationships in nddata mo ward submitted for publication    
hypertext : a survey and introduction j conklin ieee computer    
the effects of involvement on responses to argument quantity and quality : central and peripheral re petty jt cacioppo journal of personality and social psychology  
education for computer professionals dl parnas  ieee computer  
the design of postgres proc . 1986 acm-sigmod conference on management of data & hellip ; m stonebrslcer l rowe   
taking account of the influence of the bending of vvã?r -1000 fuel assemblies on the power of fuel gl ponomarenko at .    
d-type cyclin expression is decreased and p 21 and p 27 cdk inhibitor expression is increased when t sekiguchi e noguchi t hayashida t nakashima genes to cells 1996.0    
automated design of multi-dimensional clustering tables in relational databases s lightstone b bhattacharjee proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0    
low molecular weight heparins versus unfractionated heparin for acute coronary syndromes kd magee w sevcik d moher bh rowe 2003.0  cochrane database syst rev  
a complete axtomauzauon for functional and multtvalued dependencies c beeri r fagin js howard proc acm-sigmod intern . conf on the management of data & hellip ;    
computing curricula 1991 : report of the acm/ieee-cs joint curriculum task force ab tucker  1991.0 
laplace trans-form solution of two-medium neutron aging problem phil . mag r bellman re marshak gm wing   
periodic solutions of the thermostat problem j pr0ss  unpublished  
tricyclic and related drugs for nocturnal enuresis in children cm glazener jh evans cochrane database syst rev 2003.0    
improved query performance with variant indexes [ a ] . acm proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ; po ` neil d quass   
millimeter wave radar for meteorological observations r lhermitte c frush conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
international and domestic evaluation : comparisons and insights rf conner new directions for program evaluation 1985.0 
a review and empirical evaluation of feature weighting methods for a class of lazy learning artificial intelligence review 1997.0 d wettschereck dw aha t mohri   
separation power of a gas centrifuge and some errors in optimizing it at . oe aleksandrov   
mutual encapsulation of internetwork protocols computer networks jf shoch d cohen ea taft   
a new model for packet schedulingin multihop wireless networks proceedings of acm h luo s lu v bharghavan   
whatâ ?? s holding up dvd ? pc s rupley   
residential gateways bt technology journal pm bull pr benyon pr limb  2002.0 
personal goals and subjective well-being : a longitudinal study jc brunstein 1993.0  journal of personality and social psychology  
high speed on-line backup when using logical log operations db lomet sigmod conference 2000.0    
monolithic capacitive pressure sensor with cmos readout circuit m ylimaula m ã?berg j kiihamã $ ki h ronkainen proc . 29th european solid-state circuits    
strategy for a dod software initiative ieee computer ew martin   
surface elastic waves rm white proc . ieee  
zippered polygon meshes from range images g turk m levoy proceedings of siggraph 1994.0    
naturalistic evaluation eg guba 1987.0  new directions for program evaluation  
spatial and directional filter characteristics of single units in the optic nerve of the california 1982.0 me mccourt   
amodiaquine for treating malaria p olliaro p mussano cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
efficient and generalized group signatures advances in cryptology-eurocryptâ ?? 97 lncs 1233 1997.0 j camenisch   
public-key functions as intractable as factorization . '' m rabin d signatures mit/lcs/tr -212 mit laboratory for computer science cambridge    
program ( sped ) . 1996 m lloyd usped kearns & hellip ; single parent employment demonstration program : kearns  
working with metafiles : modifying and sharing vector-oriented images c petzold pc magazine    
running microsoft frontpage 2000 j buyens   1999.0 
analysis of link cost functions for pnni routing 2000.0 a magi a szentesi b szviatovszki computer networks  
acoustic indicators of topic segmentation j hirschberg c nakatani    
combining simulative and metaphor-based reasoning about beliefs ja barnden s helmreich e iverson gc stein    
assessment instrument training b bogue   1999.0 
an adaptable service connector model proceedings of l gang h yanbo z zhuofeng w jianwu rm wagner   
our family museum : a collection of family history notes ( personal home page ) '' jn churchyard   
metalloporphyrins for treatment of unconjugated hyperbilirubinemia in neonates g suresh cl martin r soll cochrane database syst rev 2003.0    
exploiting the block structure of theweb for computing pagerank sd kamvar th haveliwala cd manning gh golub technical report stanford university march 2003 . submitted on  
fuzzy multiple attribute decision making sj chen cl hwangâ ? ¦   1992.0 
neometric forcing s fajardo hj keisler    
video demystified : a handbook for the digital engineer k jack    
weighted proportionally fair differentiated service tcp p oechslin j crowcroft proc . of acm computer communications review  
a review of theories & research on group development unpublished ap beck   
parametric state-feedback control for arbitrary eigenvalue assignment with minimum sensitivity 1989.0 tj owens jo ` reilly & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ;  
august 30 2000 oregon department of geology and mineral industries baker city field office m ferns ecology and environment inc. seattle  
weblab ! a universal and interactive teaching learning and laboratory environment for the world cm boroni fw goosey m grinder rj ross p   
outcome measurement : showing results in the nonprofit sector mc plantz mt greenway m hendricks new directions for program evaluation  
some experimental results on distributed join algorithms in a local area network proc . 11th intl. conf . on vldb h lu m carey   
digital phase modulation jb anderson t aulin ce sundberg    
lectures on photomorphogenesis h mohr   1972.0 
monitoring the future . national results on adolescent drug use : overview of key findings 2000 ; nih ld johnston pm oâ ?? malley jg bachman md  
electron energy-loss in the electron microscope rf egerton plenum new york    
fast exponentiation with precomputation 1993.0 ef brickell dm gordon ks mccurley db wilson lecture notes in computer science  
leviathan . london england : penguin books t hobbes  1985.0 
the demise of gentrification ? a commentary and prospective view ls bourne 1993.0  urban geography  
lanczos type methods for systems of linear equations c brezinski h sadok   
on automatic annotation of images with latent space models f monay d gatica-perez   
detecting topical events in digital video tfsms srinivasan proceedings of acm multimedia 2000    
wardle and mayne t martin phil . mag  
ariel - a semantic front-end to relational dbmss vldb rm macgregor   
identification of c. pneumoniae c. trachomatis and c. psittaci by polymerase chain reaction using g madico ca gaydos j boman tc quinn  submitted for  
the strong isometric dimension of finite reflexive graphs sl fitzpatrick rj nowakowski discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2000.0 
a new gravity anomaly separation approach : differential markov random field ( dmrf ) electronic geosciences on ucan b sen am albora a ã?zmen   
microsoft windows media resource kit 2003.0 t gill b birney   
effects of cattle grazing systems on willow-dominated plant associations in central oregon bl kovalchik w elmore mcarthur d. bedunah and cl wambolt compilers . proceedings & hellip ;    
an efficient scheme for providing high availability a bhide a goyal hi hsiao a jhingran  proceedings of the 1992 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1992.0 
towards a minimalist account of nominal anaphora in spanish and english e raposo    
empirical comparison of methods of fuzzy relational identification b postlethwaite   
pleasure : a program for simple and multiple folding of plas submitted for g de micheli a sangiovanni-vincentelli   
tiny tim userâ ?? s manual version 4.0 space telescope science institute baltimore j krist md  
dynamic multidimensional histograms n thaper n koudas   
on-line view maintenance d quass j widom  acm sigmod conference  
airbags boom when ic accelerometer sees 50g electronic design f goodenough   
voice control and procedural justice : instrumental and noninstrumental concerns in fairness ea lind r kanfer pc earley journal of personality and social psychology  
fractal approximation of image blocks dm monro f dudbridge    
a retrospective review of the relationship between facial fractures head injuries and cervical d sinclair m schwartz j gruss b mclellan journal of emergency medicine 1988.0    
a 1977 situation analysis of children and their families in trinidad and tobago unpublished manuscript v jules g pargass j sharpe   
the bookmark and the compass : orientation tools for hypertext users m bernstein    
a dos-limiting network architecture proceedings of acm sigcomm x yang d wetherall t anderson  2005.0 
the 1975 australian family law act : a model for assessing legal impacts r mccleary je riggs new directions for program evaluation   1982.0 
scripts in organizational behavior da gioia pp poole  the academy of management review 1984.0 
antibiotics for preterm rupture of membranes s kenyon m boulvain j neilson  cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
linear time algorithm for isomorphism of planar graphs ( preliminary report ) je hopcroft jk wong proceedings of the sixth annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ; 1974.0 
selectivity estimation in spatial databases s achaya v poosala s ramaswamy proc . acm sigmod intâ ?? l conf . management of data  
a model-theoretic approach to updating incomplete databases m winslett  acm transactions on database systems  
fuzzy logic gain scheduling for non-linear servo tracking ma brdys jj littler    
a new randomized algorithm for document fingerprinting s ganguly g veda   
impact of wastewater irrigation on the quality of groundwater . preliminary evaluation of organic v garcãa a peã ± a s capella    
molarchâ ? ã?molecular architecture modeling program technical university of darmstadt s immel   
few is projects come in on time on budget computerworld r cafasso   
paramodulation and set of support l wos g robinson    
a review and reconceptualization of organizational commitment ae reichers the academy of management review   1985.0 
resistance to self-direction in adult learning : myths and misunderstandings . 1994.0 rg brockett new directions for adult and continuing education  
peer-to-peer technology business and service models : risks and opportunities saiho kwok electronic markets 2002.0 
the structure of science e nagel  1961.0 
developing a next-generation internet architecture : new arch dd clark kr sollins jt wroclawski   
on an authorization mecha - holt71 nism r fagin acm trans . database syst .  
the heterogeneity problem and middleware technology : experiences with and performance of database proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; f de ferreira rezende k hergula  1998.0 
personal communication athens greece c gasperoni   
a good read : finding a niche for notable books 1999.0 np gallavan social studies and the young learner  
cross-cultural training effectiveness : a review and a theoretical framework for future research js black m mendenhall the academy of management review 1990.0 
piecewise smoothing for blurred images based on nonlinear diffusion equation [ z ] g xin l laifu    
using program theory to describe and measure program quality l bickman ka peterson  new directions for program evaluation  
primary inclusion of culturally diverse minority program participants in the evaluation process new directions for program evaluation 1992.0 am madison   
oã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents neil pe shasha d. the dangers of replication and a solution j gray p helland proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
theory of spectral graph layout b beckman    
feynmanâ ?? s operational calculi for noncommuting systems of operators : spectral theory b jefferies gw johnson   
consulting about teaching : an overview c knapper s piccinin new directions for teaching and learning 1999.0 
forming conditions of graikas lignite n. peloponnese s kalaitzidis s papazisimou k christanis proc . 9 thint . geol . congr. athens greece xxxiv ( 3 )    
comparison of evolutionary and deterministic multiobjective algorithms for dose optimization in lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 n milickovic m lahanas d baltas n zamboglou   
benzodiazepme receptors h mohler t okada  demonstration m the central nervous system . & fence  
coding constructions for blacklisting problems without computational assumptions r kumar s rajagopalan a sahai lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
linear programming v chvatal 1983.0    
improved server assisted signatures k bicakci n baykal k bicakci n baykal 2005.0  computer networks  
a guide to the birds of mexico and northern central america : oxford university press sng howell s webb new york    
adolescent premarital sexual activity cohabitation and attitudes toward marriage adolescence-san diego - pd martin d martin m martin  2001.0 
program micro - and macrotheories : a guide for social change new directions for program evaluation 1987.0 wr shadish jr   
the design and implementation of a flexible middleware for multimedia communications comprising b stiller c class m waldvogel g caronni d    
does reduced length of stay decrease the number of emergency department patients who leave without cmb fernandes a price jm christenson journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
piecewise polynomial solutions of aerosol dynamics 2004.0 a sandu   
context-sensitive learning methods for text categorization wc william s yoram 1996.0    
man in | e | space . mov/motion analysis in 3d space proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; w ka  2005.0 
lateral inhibition through delta-notch signaling : a piecewise affine hybrid model lecture notes in computer science r ghosh cj tomlin  2001.0 
situated event bootstrapping and capture guidance for automated home movie authoring 2005.0 b adams s venkatesh proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;  
compact invariant sets for some quasilinear nonlocal kirchhoff strings on ir n pg papadopoulos nm stavrakakis   
beating bias with books : fostering awareness and compassion with children 's literature eh roweli tb goodkind eu henshaw social studies and the young learner 1999.0    
slow convergence ? the new endogenous growth theory and regional development . economic geography 1998.0 r martin p sunley   
measuring the impacts of whole-school reforms : methodological lessons from an evaluation of hs bloom    
exploiting uml in the design of multi-agent systems lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 f bergenti a poggi   
bringing in race sb cohen    
fast multiresolution querying proceedings of acm siggraph ce jacobs a finkelstein dh salesin   
using the institutional research office . dl davis-van atta sc carrier new directions for higher education 1986.0    
hypertext : anintroductionandsurvey j conklin  ieee computer  
chemoprevention of cancer with retinoids mb sporn dl newton fed proc 1979.0 
high speed policy based packet forwarding using efficient multi-dimensinal range maching m uga k shiomoto proc . acm  
a nonlinear model of a turbine blade by asymptotic analysis jm rodriguez   
an improved algorithm to find the length of the longest common subsequence of two strings s kuo gr cross acm sigir forum 1989.0    
object operations benchmark rgg cattell j skeen acm transactions on database systems 1992.0    
hypertext presentation of thesauri used in online searching . r pollard    
data independent recursive in deductive databases . j naughton proc . fiffh acm sigact-sigmod corf . . mar    
the comparison of two merged rain gaugeâ ?? satellite precipitation datasets a gruber x su m kanamitsu j schemm    
transcranial magnetic stimulation for treating depression 2002.0 jl martin mj barbanoj te schlaepfer s clos v cochrane database syst rev  
ruoslahti e. & pierschbacher md s dedhar   
human factors comparison of a procedural and a nonprocedural query language acm transactions on database systems c welty dw stemple  1981.0 
seer cancer statistics review 1975-2000 . national cancer institute . bethesda lag ries mp eisner cl kosary bf hankey ba   
an efficient component model for the construction of adaptive middleware m clarke gs blair g coulson n parlavantzas lecture notes in computer science 2001.0    
combining high school and college : laguardia 's middle college high school . je lieberman new directions for teaching and learning 1985.0 
observations of an agulhas undercurrent lm beal hl bryden   
dynamic nature and function of epidermal langerhans cellsin vivo andin vitro : a review with mbm teunissen the histochemical journal   1992.0 
coping stress and social resources among adults with unipolar depression ag billings rh moos journal of personality and social psychology 1984.0    
limits of performance in reference-tracking and path-following for nonlinear systems ap aguiar jp hespanha p kokotovic    
concurrent signatures lecture notes in computer science 2004.0 l chen c kudla kg paterson   
a dht-based backup system e sit j cates r cox   
isolating an odd number of elements linearly restrictable sets and applications in complexity s gupta manuscript virginia technical  
the future of representative democracy seminar r democracy   
dietâ ?? a scalable robust and adaptable multi-agent platform for information management bt technology journal p marrow e bonsma f wang c hoile  2003.0 
a. martin garcia av y perez grande deld garcia   
the design of templates as tools for formative evaluation 1996.0 s loucks-horsley new directions for program evaluation  
beyond the electronic book s moulthrop proc . 3rd acm hypertext conference  
neptune : a hypertext system for cad applications n delisle m schwartz proceedings of the 1986 acm sigmod international conference    
mathematical methods for physicists : academic press inc g arfken san diego  
postpartum depression : causes and consequences mw o'haraâ ? ¦ 1994.0    
improving the start up behavior of a congestion control scheme for tcp proc . of acm j heo   
what constitutes misuse ? cj stevens m dial new directions for program evaluation 1994.0    
quasi-experimental analysis : a mixture of methods and judgment ds cordray new directions for program evaluation 1986.0 
insurable interest options to convert and demand for maximums in optimum property insurance r garratt jm marshall    
from observations to self-consistent modeling of the interstellar medium astrophys . space sci 2003.0 j ballesteros-paredes   
building a convincing test of a public housing employment program for the jobs-plus demonstration . h bloom  manpower demonstration research corporation and presented at & hellip ;  
substantive due process and parental corporal punishment : democracy and the excluded child san diego law review mk kearney  1995.0 
the effects of nalbuphine and butorphanol treatment on cocaine and food self-administration by neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 nk mello jb kamien se lukas j drieze   
attachment styles and fear of personal death : a case study of affect regulation m mikulincer v florian r tolmacz  journal of personality and social psychology  
an overview of the programming language smalltalk-72 jf shoch    
effect of cep-751 ( kt-6587 ) on neuroblastoma xenografts expressing trkb ae evans kd kisselbach x liu a eggert n    
assimilation and contrast effects in the judgments of groups da wilder je thompson journal of personality and social psychology    
relationships among local functional activity energy metabolism and blood flow in the central fed proc l sokoloff  1981.0 
global and local indices of cosmic ray activity proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf. salt lake city av belov ea eroshenko vg yanke vi antonova on  1999.0 
recognizing of spectral mixtures their components and spectral patterns ( abstract only ) 1991.0 k mantere j parkkinen t jaaskelainen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;  
skeletal structures in high-current electric discharges : observations hypotheses and proof-of - ab kukushkin va rantsev-kartinov   
efficient and extensible algorithms for multi query optimization d quass a gupta i mumick j widom acm sigmod may    
an epsilon-insensitive approach to fuzzy clustering 2001.0 j leski applied mathematics and computer science  
doduk kyoyuk : moral education in south korea and georgia . hi kim social studies and the young learner 2000.0 
the rules of the game : the unwritten code of career mobility . new directions for higher education m ross m green  1990.0 
vietnam country/review paper for the workshop on community-based rehabilitation ( cbr ) and poverty xtue nghiem 2005.0    
the biochemical basis of neuropharmacology jr cooper fe bloom rh roth   
a review of the current information on the bay scallop ( argopecten irradians ) with emphasis on sl macfarlane   1999.0 
the detection of asw aircraft by their underwater acoustic signaturesâ ?? a theoretical and j nitsche j waters proc . 29th navy symp . underwater    
synergy of bovine lactoferrin with the conventional antiviral drug cidofovir in vitro 2001.0 bwa van der strate fm de boer hi bakker dkf   
contrast plots and p-sphere trees : space vs. time in nn searches j goldstein r ramakrishnan  proc . very large data bases conf . ( vldb &#39; 00 )  
semantics and implementation of schema evolution in object-oriented database systems j banerjee w kim hj kim hf korth proceedings of the international conference on management of  
a data model for representing geological surfaces cb jones proc . of acm-sigmod    
scalable high speed routing m waldvogel g varghese j turner b plattner proceedings of acm    
agility through discipline : a debate k beck b boehm   
management of a remote backup copy for disaster recovery acm transactions on database systems rp king n halim h garcia-molina ca polyzois  1991.0 
increased volume/length of stay for pediatric mental health patients : one ed 's response j meunier-sham journal of emergency nursing 2003.0    
fault-tolerance - the survival attribute of digital systems a avizienis ieee proceedings 1978.0 
89 * at ( 54 ) vorrichtung fã?r einen laser-hybrid-schweissprozess ( 30 ) at 2000 11 16 a 1936/2000 ( 72 ) nr pettenbach enns *  
suncode : a program user 's manual m delahunt  ecotope inc. seattle washington  
clinically oriented anatomy 3rd edn . williams & wilkins : baltimore kl moore md    
no-difference research wh yeaton l sechrest 1987.0  new directions for program evaluation  
the assimilation of greeks in the united states 1968.0 ec vlachos   
antifibrinolytic drugs for acute traumatic injury cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 t coats i roberts h shakur   
neural-network nonlinear adaptive filtering using the extended kalman filter algorithm mb matthews gs moschytz proc . int . conf . neural    
geographic access to job opportunities and labor-force participation among women and african tj cooke urban geography 1997.0 
evaluation in federal government : changes trends and opportunities cg wye rc sonnichen new directions for program evaluation   1992.0 
the anatomy and physics of avian structural colours ro prum proc . int . ornithol . congr    
using taxonomy discriminan ts and signatures for navigating in text databases . in : proc of the s chakrabarti b dom r agrawal 1997.0    
digital image restoration : a survey hc andrews  ieee computer  
potential and local efficiency of centrifuge separation of a nonisotopic binary mixture of gases vi tokmantsev at .    
central representation of visceral function df cechetto fed proc 1987.0    
qos in packet networks basic mechanism and directions computer networks r guerin v peris   
the influence of the complex electric permittivity and grain size on microwave drying of the grained i florek m lovas  fizykochemiczne problemy mineralurgii 1995.0 
all-optical otdm add-drop node at 16 2 10 gbit/s in between two fiber links of 150 km jp turkiewicz h rohde w schairer g lehmann e proc . 29th eur . conf . optical communication  
an extended attribute grammar for pascal acm sigplan notices da watt  1979.0 
approaches to program eh kaplan  new directions for program evaluation 1981.0 
assimilation and contrast as a function of peopleâ ?? s willingness and ability to expend effort in ll martin jj seta ra crelia journal of personality and social psychology  
time varying parametric modeling of speech . mg hall av oppenheim as willsky 1983.0  signal proc.  
a service system for btâ ?? s major customers 1997.0 p white bt technology journal  
theamericanjeremiad s bercovitch  1978.0 
induced representations and normal subgroups g mackey  proc . int . symp . linear  
total design 1988 s pugh ie morley   
university preprint ctp-tamu-17 / 92 ( 1992 ) submitted for m sawicki am texas   
pseudohyphal development of saccharomyces cerevisiae contributions to microbiology 2000  2000.0 
asymptotic equilibrium of nonlinear difference systems r medina m pinto    
simple conditions for guaranteeing higher normal forms in relational databases cj date r fagin 1992.0  acm transactions on database systems  
software product assurance at the jet propulsion laboratory information and software technology re fairley m bush  1990.0 
domain specific embedded compilers d leijen e meijer    
extracting summary sentences based on the document semantic graph j leskovec n milic-frayling m grobelnik   
logic-based modeling of dynamic object systems j meseguer x qian proc . of the 1993 acm sigmod int . conf . on management of & hellip ;    
tuiqiao : a hypertext tool for requirements analysis submitted for publication k takahashi c potts   
hendrix college local food project . new directions for higher education 1992.0 g valen   
a court may enter an order that keeps the â ?? status quo.â ?? sq order   
remediation in texas : a prototype for national reform ? new directions for higher education sr griffith jm meyer  1999.0 
abstracting object interactions using composition filters lecture notes in computer science m aksit k wakita j bosch l bergmans a yonezawa  1994.0 
management gets personal j karney pc magazine 1993.0    
modeling skewed distributions using multifractals and the w-20 lawâ ?? c faloutsos y matias a silberschatz    
fql-a functional query language p beneman re frankel proceedings acm-sigmod  
bridging the gap between class and space : us worker solidarity with guatemala . ra johns economic geography 1998.0    
the cedar dbms : a preliminary report mr brown rgg cattell n suzuki    
hanssen jr. aquanet : a hypertext tool to hold your knowledge in place cm catherine gh frank ar russel c william proc . acm  
the structure of images . < i > biol jj koenderink  cybern . < / i  
acoustical observations l rayleigh phil . mag    
the emergence of the unmarked j mccarthy a prince proceedings of nels 1994.0 
in : nayeem mf eds . proceedings of the 21st national heat transfer conference ln carlucci i cheung  1983.0 
digital communications : new directions in switching and networks t soejima h yamashita h kuwahara  proc . mt. sew . zurich switzerland march  
unified ip networks k blakey s gregson m mulvey  bt technology journal 2000.0 
crazy mistakes 1993 edition jc dvorak pc magazine   1993.0 
netra : a toolbox for navigating large image databases ieee int ' l conf image process. santa barbara california wy ma bs manjunath   
vocal cord dysfunction mimicking a severe asthma attack jm wolfe bm meth 1999.0  journal of emergency medicine  
when ego threats lead to self-regulation failure : negative consequences of high self-esteem journal of personality and social psychology rf baumeister tf heatherton dm tice  1993.0 
intersection syndrome : a case report and review of the literature-diagnosis and operative treatment dp hanlon jr luellen  journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
applying parametric query optimization to non-parametric query metrics vrls vadali  2001.0 
two-stage identification of interconnected steady-state systems with cascade structure : a parametric applied mathematics and computer science z hasiewicz  1997.0 
theoretical and empirical results in program testing t budd r demillo r lipton f sayward proc . 9th acm popl january  
twine f. hall and p. sellers . cd-rom . nasa 2000 . unclassifiedâ ?? unlimited subject category : 43 t strub    
cultivating component selfefficacy and intrinsic interest through proximal selfmotivation a bandura dh schunk 1981.0    
a method for improving automatic word categorization ee korkmaz   1997.0 
ocular pharmacokinetics dm maurice s mishima  pharmacology of the eye 1984.0 
ea leren etaleren h bergen    
a simplified universal relauon assumption and its propertles r fagxn ao meudelzon jd ullman  acm trans . database syst  
new demands for invehicle networks m krug av schedl   
modern food microbiology jm jay   
preliminary design review : pca integrated radar-tracker application jm lebak & hellip ; of technology lincoln laboratory technical report pca-irt-1    
taxonomies by the numbers : building high-performance taxonomies sc gates w teiken ksf cheng proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
unisql 's next-generation object-relational sigmod record o foundation  1996.0 
flexible buffer allocation based on marginal gains r ng c faloutsos t sellis proceedings of the 1991 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1991.0 
selectivity estimationinspatial databases s acharya v poosala s ramaswamy proc . acm sigmod    
the central role of mathematical logic in computer science j paul myers jr    
moving up the food chain : supporting e-commerce applications on databases sigmod record a jhingran  2000.0 
structure and ostension in the interpretation of discourse deixis bl webber 1990.0  new york times  
parallel computation of robot inverse dynamics for high speed motions ay zomaya as morris   
t. sherman r. and wilson dv self-similarity through high-variability : statistical analysis of w willinger s murad proceedings of acm sigcommâ ?? 95  
symmetric relations and cardinality-bounded multisets in database systems k ross j stoyanovich proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
, s. ramaswamy and t. suel . aqua : system and techniques for approximate query answering pb gibbons v poosala s acharya y bartal  technical report bell laboratories murray hill nj feb. .  
the fornasiniâ ?? marchesini model with no overflow oscillations and its applications to 2-d digital t hinamoto    
fire impacts on vegetation in central africa : a remote-sensing-based statistical analysis g bucini ef lambin  applied geography 2002.0 
genetic programming of fuzzy coordination behaviors for mobile robots e tunstel t lippincott   
transmission of radiometer data from the synchronous meteorological satellite rs davies & hellip ; telemetering conference washington d. c proceedings   1973.0 
using taxonomy discriminants and signatures for navigating in text databases s chakrabarti b dom r agrawal p raghavan vldb 1997.0 
software product assurance : measurement and control . dn card information and software technology 1988.0    
process simulators for si vlsi and high speed gaas devices jd plummerâ ? ¦  1990.0 
the danger of replication and a solution procs . of acm sigmod international conf . on management of & hellip ; j gary p helland po ` neil d shasha   
blood transfusion for treating malarial anaemia ( cochrane review ) m meremikwu hj smith  cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
n. : user location and tracking in an in-building radio network p bahl v padmanabhan microsoft research technical report msr-tr-99-12 febr .    
citrus leaf spot a new mexican lime disease : a review s becerra vm medina jg garza m orozco  proc . int . soc . citriculture  
quality of dicom header information for image categorization mo guld m kohnen d keysers h schubert b wein   
mathsoft inc sp manual seattle washington  
the 5 minute rule for trading memory for disc accesses and the 10 byte rule for trading memory for j gray f putzolu proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1987.0 
query processing using multidimensional clustering in db2 b bhattacharjee s padmanabhan t malkemus l proceedings of vldb    
multiple tetracycline resistance determinants in streptococcus v burdett j inamine s rajagopalan see ref  
when are methods complementary . accepted for publication in information and software technology rf paige   
full-wave design and analysis of bandpass filters using 1/8-cut high - q dielectric ring resonators s amari r vahldieck j bornemann proc . 28th european microwave    
an analysis of oregon state university 's total quality management pilot program . le coate new directions for higher education   1993.0 
filters based on multilayer metallic structures in a waveguide vp gololobov vi omel ` ianenko  radiotekhnika i elektronika 1988.0 
fallstudien som forskningsmetod lund : studentlitteratur sb merriam   1994.0 
parallel query scheduling and optimization with timeand space-shared resources mn garofalakis ye ioannidis  proceedings of the 23rd international conference on very  
a critique of ansi sql isolation levels j gray uc berkeley   
arterial gas embolism and hemoconcentration rm smith kb van hoesen ts neuman 1994.0  journal of emergency medicine  
e. 1 . blount phil . mag mh cohen   
connecticut post-time limit tracking study : six-month survey results 1999.0 ja hunter-manns d bloom   
reactor simulator program for simulating vvã?r -1000 operation pe filimonov vv mamichev sp averâ ?? yanova at .  
from collegiality to confrontation : faculty-to-faculty conflicts new directions for higher education rr leal  1995.0 
multi-dimensional clustering : a new data layout scheme in db2 sigmod conference 2003.0 s padmanabhan b bhattacharjee t malkemus l   
effects of nitrogen and phosphorus enrichement on in vivo symbiotic zooxanthellae of pocillopora marine biology 1994.0 a snidvongs ra kinzie   
the aqua approximate query answering system . sigmod 1999 s acharya pb gibbons v poosala s ramaswamy proceedings acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
error analysis for a satellite based air traffic control system ( satellite based atc system with 1973.0 cr traas national aerospace meeting washington d. c proceedings  
dow to fire up to 40 more employees for e-mail abuse computerworld m trombly   
program evaluation : a pluralistic enterprise wr shadish  new directions for program evaluation  
predictive load controlforflexible buer allocation c faloutsos rt ng t sellis procs . of the 17th intl. conf . on vldb    
school violence and the effect on the guidance counselorâ ?? s role b anderson   2004.0 
data base system performance prediction using an analytical model k sevcik    
the misuse of evaluation in educational programs m dial new directions for program evaluation 1994.0    
compiling complex database triggers proceedings of acm sigmod d cohen   
optimal admission control algorithms for scheduling burst data in cdma multimedia systems 2002.0 yk kwok vkn lau computer networks  
multidimensional spectral estimation ieee proceedings jh mcclellan  1982.0 
design of microwave beam-switching networks ml burrows   1983.0 
fluid motion recovery by coupling dense and parametric motion fields e memin p perez  proc . int . conf . computer vision  
window control strategies for hypertext traversal : an empirical study j lifshitz b shneiderman  proc . 29th annual acm dc technical symposium  
a review and evaluation of software science acm computing surveys ( csur ) a fitzsimmons t love  1978.0 
the at & t in-band adjacent channel system for digital audio broadcasting proc . int . symp . digital audio ns jayant ey chen jd johnston sr quackenbush   
improved query performance with variant indexes dq poâ ?? neil proceedings of sigmod  
a distributed scheme for autonomous service composition s herborn y lopez a seneviratne   
stakeholder influence strategies the academy of management review j frooman  1999.0 
books libraries scholarship and the future . ra plane new directions for higher education   1982.0 
the nonlinear schrodinger equation c sulem pl sulem  1999.0 
procedural skills in medicine : linking theory to practice g kovacs  journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
ciprofloxacin penetration into lungs d honeybourne r wise jm andrews  lancet i 1987.0 
solvability and asymptotic behavior of a population problem taking into account random mating and v skakauskas applied mathematics and computer science 2000.0 
expert opinion in program evaluation d nevo new directions for program evaluation    
fast joins using join indices z li ka ross the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1999.0 
the correlation of music aptitude scores with mathematical achievement scores for high school 2000.0 s rother   
semantics and implementation of schema evolution in object-oriented databases '' procs & hellip ; conference on management of data san francisco california j banerjee w kim hj kim hf korth   
the advent of green computer design ieee computer 1998.0 l goldberg   
treatment of recurrent hepatitis c virus infection after liver transplantation with interferon and g goetz mr schoen a haefker r neuhaus t berg transplantation proceedings 1998.0 
software for semidefinite programmingâ ?? userâ ?? s guide l vanderberghe s boyd technical report stanford university princeton nj 1994 . viã ¯  
assessing innovative methods new directions for program evaluation 1982.0 nl smith   
quality assuranceâ ?? quality control project plan & hellip ; stormwater porous concrete demonstration siteâ ?? a retrofit r traver a welker   
enterprise java ( tm ) platform data access s white r cattell s finkelstein sigmod record 1998.0 
coral : a deductive database programming language international conference on very large data bases . morgan & hellip ; r ramakrishnan d srivastava s sudarshan   
limit theorems for fuzzy random variables fn proske  to  
prospero : a tool for organizing internet resources bc neuman    
ultrastructural localization of epididymal secretory proteins associated with the surface of 1988.0 c garcãa f regalado ms lã ³ pez de haro a nieto the histochemical journal  
back-propagation fuzzy system as nonlinear dynamic system identifiers . lx wang jm mendel    
new linear parameterisation of all stabilising compensators for single-input/single-output plants g celentano g de maria    
bridging practice and theory for womenâ ?? s adult development new directions for adult and continuing education k taylor c marienau  1995.0 
relaxing the universal relation scheme assumption j stein d maier proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0    
wolfe . boundingdelaysinpacketrouting networks proc . 27th acm stoc m harchol-balterandd   
varieties of investigative evaluation . nl smithâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation 1992.0    
estimating the selectivity of spatial queries using the â ?? correlationâ ?? proc . 21st international conference on very large data bases & hellip ; fc belussia   
checking the congruence between a program and its organizational environment new directions for program evaluation c roberts-gray ma scheirer   
conformations of linear chains . systematics and suggestions for nomenclature acc . chem . res j michl r west  2000.0 
parametric trajectory models for speech recognition h gish k ng    
embedding data mappers with distributed memory machine compilers 1993.0 r ponnusamy j saltz r das c koelbel a acm sigplan notices  
differential files : their application to the maintenance of large databases dg severance gm lohman  acm transactions on database systems 1976.0 
the escalation of commitment to a course of action bm staw 1981.0  the academy of management review  
computer im deutschunterricht fernstudieneinheit 14 langenscheidt mã 1/4 nchen 2000 m grã?ner t hassert   
cã ³ digo de planeamiento urbano ambiental de la ciudad de resistencia der municipalidad tomo i    
fuzzy functional dependencies and lossless join decomposition of fuzzy relational database systems k raju ak majumdar acm transactions on database systems 1988.0    
worldwide geothermal resources jc rowley see ref    
set theory f hausdorff   
two studies show students gain when teaming up . gw bracey electronic learning 1988.0 
review of research on ta training . rd abbott new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0    
advances in program theory nl smith l bickman new directions for program evaluation  
normal forms and relational database operators r fagin    
national rural services survey 2000 isbn c agency   
on integrals of the hydrodynamical equations which express vortex motion h helmholtz  phil . mag  
resource scheduling in enhanced pay-per-view continuous media databases mn garofalakis 1997.0  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
sudarshan \ \ the coral deductive database system '' ibid r ramakrishnan s seshadri   
development of corba-based engineering applications from legacy fortran programs 2002.0 j sang gj follen cm kim i lopez information & software technology  
anatomy of the selection problem cf manski the journal of human resources 1989.0 
efficient query processing for multi-dimensionally clustered tables in db2 2003.0 b bhattacharjee s padmanabhan t malkemus t lai proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
ethical social index numbers sr chakravarty 1990.0    
in-process analysis of multifunctional esters by nir spectroscopy dl curtin   1997.0 
a new linear post-filtering technique to reduce transform coding block-edge artifact at low bit s suthaharan hr wu & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing  
path caching : a technique for optimal external searching s ramaswamy   
graph structure in the web www9 / computer networks a broder r kumar f maghoul p raghavan s  2000.0 
software reflexion models : bridging the gap between source and high-level models proceedings of the 3rd acm sigsoft symposium on foundations & hellip ; 1995.0 gc murphy d notkin k sullivan   
the structure of an electromagnetic field in the neighbourhood of a cusp of a caustic t pearcey phil . mag    
copyright : opportunities and restrictions for the teleinstructor new directions for teaching and learning jh bruwelheide  1997.0 
continuous media communication with dynamic qos control using arts with an fddi network 1992.0 h tokuda y tobe jmf moura   
escaping the asylum : when freedom is a crime gh morris san diego law review 2003.0    
nonrigid registration of diffusion tensor images r sierra   
impact of a sexual responsibility program on young males adolescence-san diego - e gottsegen ww philliber  2001.0 
examples in trpl t sheard d stemple  university of massachusetts coins technical report  
a transaction mechanism for engineering design databases w kim ra lorie d mcnabb w plouffe vldb 1984.0 
hydrofluoric acid : a review of toxicity . jc bertolini journal of emergency medicine   1992.0 
feature interaction : a critical review and considered forecast m calder m kolberg eh magill s reiff-marganiec computer networks   2003.0 
from software user to software author : an initial pedagogy for introductory object-oriented 1996.0 m woodman s holland acm sigcue outlook  
when sex is hot and when its not : for women do attachments matter unpublished manuscript lc miller sa fishkin c gonzales-tumey s   
linear algebra and its applications : harcourt brace jovanovich publishers san diego g strang   
observations on the breeding of captive black bears ursus americanus jc ludlow international conference on bear research and management    
complete and compatible sets of update operations kc sevcik al furtado int . conf . on management of data ( icmod ) ( milan italy june & hellip ;    
bringing the wireless internet to mobile devices s saha    
telephone counselling for smoking cessation cochrane database syst rev lf stead t lancaster r perera  2003.0 
numerische methoden spektrum akademischer verlag 2000 j faires rl burden    
leap : implementing a welfare initiative to improve school attendance among teenage parents d bloom h kopp d long d polit  new york : manpower demonstration research corporation  
secure protocol composition proceedings of acm workshop on formal methods in security & hellip ; a datta a derek jc mitchell d pavlovic  2003.0 
comparing and aggregating rankings with ties r fagin r kumar m mahdian d sivakumar e vee   
programmed word length computer al lucke   
s and mundy jn 1961 phil . mag js dugdale   
evaluation of the size of a query expressed in relational algebra proceedings of the 1981 acm sigmod international conference p richard   
a normal form for relational databases that is based on domains and keys r fagin acm transactions on database systems 1981.0    
the effect of chromosome structure on gene expression h yu j qian k yuval m gerstein  2002.0 
a formal approach to relationships in the unified modeling language g overgaard  proceedings  
asymptotics in statistics : some basic concepts 1990.0 lm le cam gl yang   
improved query performance with variant indexes eon patrick d quass  sigmod conference  
on the stability of steady and of periodic fluid motion phil . mag l kelvin   
adult and pediatric pharyngitis : a review . rb vukmir 1992.0  journal of emergency medicine  
absorptive capacity : a review reconceptualization and extension sa zahra g george academy of management review   2002.0 
graph structure in the web a tomkins j wiener  computer networks  
differential les : their application to the maintenance of large databases dg severance gm lohman acm transactions on database systems    
ice formation in wave clouds : comparison of aircraft observations with measurements of ice nuclei . dc rogers pj demott wa cooper rm rasmussen   1996.0 
entrap-immobilization of urease on composite gel fiber of cellulose acetate and zirconia k nakane k takahashi f suzuki y kurokawa  fiber 1999.0 
beta blocker toxicity after overdose : when do symptoms develop in adults ? jn love journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
factors affecting compliance with cyclosporine in adult renal transplant patients 1994.0 i sketris n waite k grobler m west transplantation proceedings  
characterization of hypoxia : topic 1 report for the integrated assessment of hypoxia in the gulf of md nn rabalais re turner d justic q dortch wj   
o. : assaig sobre la geomorfologia medieval de la ciutat vella de barcelona ri arderiu proceedings del iii congres dâ ?? historia de barcelona  
japan loves wireless a cohen pc magazine    
an efficient algorithm to estimate the instantaneous snr of speech signals r martin    
& m. baker . measuring link bandwidths using a deterministic model of packet delay . k lai proceedings of acm sigcomm    
a demand adaptive and locality aware ( dala ) streaming media cluster architecture z ge p ji p shenoy proc . of acm nossdav    
kohonenâ ?? s self organizing feature maps for exploratory data analysis a ultsch hp siemon  proc . innc  
citizenship education : looking at government . le nielsen jm finkelstein  social studies and the young learner 1988.0 
study of effective non-symmetrical multicomponent isotope separation cascades na kolokolâ ?? tsov ga sulaberidze at . energy    
deterministic capacity expansion under deterioration s rajagopalan management science 1992.0    
characterization of ulpa filters r wepfer  icccs90 zurich switzerland  
set-oriented constructs : from rete rule bases to database systems 1991.0 dn gordin aj pasik proceedings of the 1991 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
haemoglobin and haematocrit targets for the anaemia of chronic renal disease gf strippoli c manno fp schena jc craig 2003.0  cochrane database syst rev  
an evolved circuit intrinsic in silicon entwined with physics a thompson lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
context-dependent perceptual and functional categorization in 10.5-month-olds vt kolstad r baillargeon unpublished manuscript  
separation of aqueous organic solvents through crosslinked poly ( acrylate-co-acrylic acid ) membranes m hoshi t saito a higuchi t nakagawa sen-i gakkaishi  
the structure of cedar dc swinehart pt zellweger rb hagmann   
audio content analysis in video structure analysis technical report microsoft research h jiang hj zhang   
personality and social resources in stress resistance journal of personality and social psychology 1983.0 sc kobasa mc puccetti   
pragmatic questions about parental liability statutes wisconsin law review 1996.0 nr cahn   
nonparametric versus parametric modelling-new statistical methods for model selection in n bissantz a munk a scholz 2002.0    
digital manipulatives : new toys to think with m resnick f martin r berg r borovoy v colella    
the housing indicators program : a model for evaluation research and policy analysis ? sk mayo new directions for program evaluation  
waves in active and passive periodic structures - a review ieee proceedings c elachi  1976.0 
college of education general education curriculum bs course a comm m greek n res sl lit ct   
neil and d. shasha . the dangers of replication and a solution j gray p helland p oã cents proceedings of the acm sigmod  
two conceptions of happiness : contrasts of personal expressiveness ( eudaimonia ) and hedonic journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 as waterman   
a reconsideration of baintonâ ?? s approach.â ?? h warâ ?? appeals w christianity 1991.0    
query rewrite optimization rules in ibm db2 universal database ty leung h pirahesh p seshadri    
ionensensitive feldeffekttransistoren als messwandler in chemischen analysensystemen auf p woias 1994.0    
capital costs in economic program evaluation : the case of mental health services nl cannon t mcguire b dickey new directions for program evaluation  
tappi pulp . conf j basta l holtinger as hã $ llstrã ¶ m p lundgren  1994.0 
transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation and acupuncture for primary dysmenorrhoea cochrane database syst rev ml proctor ca smith cm farquhar rw stones  2002.0 
overview of physiological and pathophysiological effects of thromboxane a 2 ml ogletree fed proc 1987.0 
parallel programming models and boundary integral equation methods for microstructure electrostatics f traenkle   1993.0 
efficient management of transactions relationships in large data and knowlage bases r agrawal a bargia hv jagadish proc . of acm sigmod portland june    
deferring destruction when reading unique variables j boyland  submitted to iwaoos  
somatic diversification and selection of immunoglobulin heavy and light chain variable region genes s hashimoto m dono m wakai sl allen sm md   1992.0 
a case for associative peer-to-peer overlays . volume 33 january 2003 e cohen a fiat h kaplan proceedings of acm hotnets-i ( october    
user location and tracking in an inbuilding radio network technical report microsoft research ( february p bahl vn padmanabhan   
towards exploiting link evolution s chien c dwork r kumar d sivakumar unpublished manuscript 2001.0    
execution autonomy in distributed transaction processing c pu   
treatise on the shift operator : spectral function theory nk nikol ` skii   1986.0 
wiley-vch weinheim 2000 ; m ) ae kaifer acc . chem . res m switches   
using taxonomy dicriminants and signatures to navigate in text databases s chakrabarti b dom r agrawal p raghavan    
modeling for all scales academic press 2000 ht odum ec odum    
flair images of brain diseases f segawa j kishibayashi k kamada n sunohara m  no to shinkei 1994.0 
designing and grading written assignments eh hobson 1998.0  new directions for teaching and learning  
variability in the likelihood of automatic attitude activation : data reanalysis and commentary on rh fazio journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
to higher luminosities and energy k qacm bounds-projection  cheung and d. silverman in these  
the ethereal hand : organizational economics and management theory l donaldson 1990.0  the academy of management review  
peer-facilitated adult education new directions for adult and continuing education s anderson  1999.0 
acupuncture for smoking cessation ar white h rampes e ernst cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
verifying safety properties using separation and heterogeneous abstractions e yahav g ramalingam   
madrid : suma de letras 2004 . 688 p co sardina    
population resources and the ideology of science 1974.0 d harvey economic geography  
a new proposal for seed plant phylogeny : abstract volume of the fifth quadrenniial conference of the lj hickey  santa barbara california  
computing in horn clause theories p padawitz 1988.0    
influence of speed of third-party intervention and outcome on negotiator and constituent fairness 1990.0 de conlon pm fasolo the academy of management journal  
some high level constructs for data of type relation acm transactions on database systems jw schmidt   
adaptive set intersections unions and differences ed demaine a lopez-ortiz ji munro   
automata for modelling real-time systems . icalpâ ?? 1990 lncs 443 r alur dl dill    
a distributed algorithm for finding k disjoint paths of minimum total length c cheng spr kumar jj garcia-luna-aceves proc . 28th annual allerton conference on communication & hellip ;  
early estimation of software size in object-oriented environments a case study in a cmm level 3 m ronchetti g succi submitted for publication   1999.0 
magmatism at an oceanic spreading-ridge examples from the samail ophiolite oman js pallister  ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1980.0 
on the size of convex hulls of small sets s mendelson 2001.0  journal of machine learning research  
mining for purity dependencies in databases d simovici d cristofor l cristofor   
guided tissue regeneration for periodontal infra-bony defects ( cochrane review ) ig needleman e giedrys-leeper rj tucker hv cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
process engineering for the alliance partners bt technology journal c paton a goodier r mistry d williams  2000.0 
experiments with a network design algorithm using-approximate linear programs 1996.0 d bienstock submitted for publication  
on the power of magic . in : proc of the acm symp on principles of database systems c beeri r ramakrishnan  1987.0 
efficient and extensible algorithms for multi query optimization ps seshadri s sudarshan s bhobe  proc . sigmod dallas usa  
locating pc-based compilers for pl/1 fortran and cobol ; improving performance on slower or older pc magazine j salemi   
hse books 1999 r error i behaviour   
server-supported signatures lecture notes in computer science n asokan g tsudik m waidner  1996.0 
the nws dambrk model : theoretical background and user documentation hrl-258 . hydrological research dl fread  md  
the kalman filter : an introduction to concepts springer-verlag p maybeck  1990.0 
sp and beal ar 1980 s parkin phil .  
houben gj and wu h. aham : a dexter-based reference model for adaptive hypermedia p de bra  proceedings of acm hypertext  
recognitionand interpretationof parametric gesture ad wilson af bobick  proc . int . conf . comp . vis  
userâ ?? s guide for npsol ( version 4.0 ) : a fortran package for linear programming 1986.0 pe gill w murray ma saunders mh wright   
microarchitecture evaluation with floorplanning and interconnect pipelining a jagannathan hh yang k konigsfeld d milliron   
recurrent neural networks for blind separation of sources s amari a cichocki hh yang  proc . int . symp . nolta 1995.0 
improved algorithm for the deinterleaving of radar pulses dj milojevic bm popovic iee proceedings 1992.0    
andd . schneider . anevaluationofnon-equijoinalgorithms proc . int . conf . on very large data bases ( vldb ) d dewitt j naughton   
time-domain electromagnetics and its applications ieee proceedings 1978.0 cl bennett gf ross   
impairment of the perception of second order motion but not first order motion in a patient with 1996.0 lm vaina a cowey proceedings : biological sciences  
video cubism a klein p sloan a colburn a finkelstein m technical report msr-tr-2001-45 microsoft research technical  
spectral analysis of heart rate without resampling gb moody time  
two-year results of a program to reduce poverty and reform welfare jm bos ac huston rc granger gj duncan tw brock new york : manpower demonstration research . corp. brown l. & hellip ;    
pitt ha iron deficiency alters sphincter of oddi motility kp murray hs kaufman mk fox-talbot kd lillemoe submitted for    
pursuing the ph. d. in the sciences and engineering : trends and observations new directions for higher education re salters  1997.0 
evolutionary learning of a fuzzy control rule base for an autonomous vehicle f homann g pster    
the laptop initiative in the graphic communications management program at the university of 2004.0 bp klinger   
likableness ratings of 555 personality-trait words journal of personality and social psychology nh anderson  1968.0 
a unified classification system for research in the computing disciplines i vessey v ramesh rl glass information and software technology 2005.0    
combining trust region and line search techniques j nocedal y yuan    
fuzzy queries in multimedia database systems r fagin    
effects of gender and cooperative-versus-individual performance contingent reward on intrinsic r eisenberger  unpublished manuscript  
resources on instructional consultation s piccinin c knapper new directions for teaching and learning 1999.0 
a new algorithm for ionospheric tomography proc . int . beacon satellite g fehmers   
the nasa integrated vehicle health management technology experiment for x-37 m schwabacher j samuels l brownston spie proceedings series 2002.0    
clusteringmethodsfortheanalysisofdnamicroarray data r tibshirani t hastie m eisen d ross d stanford university department of statistics technical report  
dourish p. re-place-ing space : the roles of place and space in collaborative systems s harrison  proc . acm cscw  
analysis of n-dimensional quadtrees using the hausdorff fractal dimension c faloutsos v gaede 1996.0  proceedings of the 22th international conference on very & hellip ;  
infections after liver transplantation : risk factors and prevention . m martin s kusne m alessiani r simmons te transplantation proceedings 1991.0    
token ring local area networks : a comparison of experimental and theoretial performance . j sventek w greiman mo ` dell a jansen computer networks   1984.0 
the valuation of corporate r & d expenditures : evidence from investment opportunities and free cash sh szewczyk gp tsetsekos z zantout financial management   1996.0 
optimal time-critical scheduling via resource augmentation '' ap cynthia c stein e torng j wein  proc . 29th annu . acm symp . on theory of computing el paso & hellip ;  
mamãferos del cretã ¡ cico inferior de patagonia : iv congreso latinoamericano de paleontologãa de 1987.0 jf bonaparte gw rougier   
the effects of centrifugal and centripetal forces on product development speed and quality : how does k atuahene-gima academy of management journal   2003.0 
field emission and field ionization r gomer  new york :  
the western canon : the books and school of the ages h bloom    
performance evaluation of subband coding and optimization of its filter coefficients 1991.0 j katto y yasuda proc . spie  
cern-pre 89-062 ; m. consoli . c. dionisi l. ludovici s ganguli  proceedings of â ?? les recontres de la vall & dâ ?? aostaâ ?? la & hellip ;  
multimedia information management in an object-oriented system proc . of the 13th vldb conference brighton d woeld w kim   
sequoia 2000 metadata schema for satellite images jt anderson m stonebraker  sigmod record 1994.0 
keyword searching in databases using banks b. tech . project report iit bombay april g bhalotia   
undermining childrenâ ?? s intrinsic interest with extrinsic rewards : a test of the â ?? journal of personality and social psychology 1973.0 mr lepper d greene re nisbett   
reproducing kernels and riccati equations h dym    
the bang file : a new kind of grid file m freeston   
engineering social order lecture notes in computer science c castelfranchi  2000.0 
â ?? quel as a data & pe proceedings of the 1984 acm-sigmod conference on the & hellip ; m stonebrakerâ ? ¦   
analysis of genetic heterogeneity in chlamydia trachomatis biovars and clinical isolates of the sa morrã © tm ossewaarde phm savelkoul j stoof submitted for    
budget and planning pn haeuser 2000.0  new directions for higher education  
spatialjoinsusingseededtrees proceedingsof the acm sigmod conference minneapolis mn rcv loml   
text to hypertext : can clustering solve the problem in digital libraries rb kellogg m subhas  proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ; 1996.0 
reliability aspects of optical fibre systems and networks p cochrane djt heatley bt technology journal 1994.0 
field arithmetic md fried m jarden   1986.0 
using evaluation indicators to track the performance of education programs g psacharopoulos new directions for program evaluation  
acousto-optic signal processing - convolution and correlation wt rhodes 1981.0  ieee proceedings  
attribute agreement yc tay proceedings of the eighth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1989.0    
a method of variational analysis combined with kalman filter for radar rainfall field correction s shouxiang l guoqing g wenzhong  proc . 26th int . conf . on radar meteorology  
eversion versus conventional carotid endarterectomy for preventing stroke ( cochrane review ) pg cao p de rango s zannetti g giordano s cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
breast disorders : a review for emergency physicians ml givens m luszczak 2002.0  journal of emergency medicine  
bringing programming to end users a cypher watch what i do : programming by demonstration  
plsa-based image auto-annotation : constraining the latent space f monay d gatica-perez 2004.0  proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;  
acid-catalysed hydration of prop-2-en-1-01 and 2-me thylprop-2-en-1-01 : correlation of reactivity * t 1977.0 ai chem acc . chem . res  
extendible hashing : a fast access method for dynamic les r fagin j nievergelt n pippenger r strong  acm transactions on database systems  
building theories from case study research km eisenhardt the academy of management review 1989.0    
practical global-event-queue-based optimistic simulation algorithms with one backup state vector and sk prasad procs . the first international conference on parallel and & hellip ;  
interpolation and sat-based model checking 2003.0 kl mcmillan lecture notes in computer science  
contingency perspectives of organizational strategy : a critical review of the empirical research a ginsberg n venkatraman  the academy of management review 1985.0 
how organizations differ : implications for multisite program evaluation sj guastello dd guastello new directions for program evaluation  
ibuprofen for alzheimerâ ?? s disease n tabet h feldmand cochrane database syst rev 2003.0    
a review of software testing . information and software technology pd coward  1988.0 
wavelet-based neural net work with fuzzy-logic adaptivi ty for nuclear image restoration w qian lp clarke  proceedings-ieee 1996.0 
searches for heavy neutrinos from decays of the z ( abstract only ) k osterberg oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0    
comprehensive analysis of heavy metal streams in pulverized coal-fired boilers taking into account proceedings of the 23rd international technical conference & hellip ; c martel o rentz   
single-shot spectral measurements of multimode pulsed dye lasers ( abstract only ) t kajava h lauranto r salomaa 1991.0  oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;  
active immunization of murine allogeneic bone marrow transplant donors with b-cell tumor-derived lw kwak r pennington dl longo   
lecture notes on arithmetic algorithms ge collins university of wisconsin  
force control of one degree-of-freedom manipulators using fuzzy impedance models k watanabe t ohtsubo  procs . of the 15th sice kyushu branch annual conference  
1-800-hypertextâ ?? browsing hypertext with a telephone m wynblatt s goose h mollenhauer  proc . of acm hypertext  
ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome : imperatives for the emergency physician-prevention and treatment a rutkowski i dubinsky journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
social justice evaluation and the educational system new directions for program evaluation 1990.0 dp ericson   
robotic food chains : externalization of state and program for minimal-agent foraging bb werger mj mataric from animals to animats    
urban centers in the central puget sound region : a baseline summary and comparison psr council  puget sound regional council seattle washington usa  
pieges repulsifs cr acad . sci p tarres 1999.0    
video segmentation combining similarity analysis and classification m cooper    
an overview of the production quality compiler-compiler project w wulf b leverett r cattell s hobbs j newcomer ieee computer  
30 2000 the group had entered into the following interest rate option agreements : a september  at september  
laboratory instructor mario donoso email : mdonoso @ uga . edu lecture 9 : 55-10 : 45 tr room 300a gg os texts r readings cw site    
microsoft windows 2000 tcp/ip protocols and services technical reference t lee j davies  2000.0 
combining edges and points for interactive anti-aliased rendering k bala b walter d greenberg    
nasa biospheric sciences code 923 goddard space flight center greenbelt jl privette   
log concavity and its applications m bagnoli t bergstrom 1988.0    
evaluating the potential impact of transgenic crop varieties in the third world : documenting farmers da cleveland d soleri fa cuevas mrf lopez hr  crop science society of america seattle washington usa  
effects of altered responsibility cognitive set and modeling on physical aggression and e diener j dineen k endresen al beaman sc journal of personality and social psychology   1975.0 
a model for aids education d longshore new directions for program evaluation 1990.0 
high assurance computing on open hardware architectures y chen p england m peinado b willman    
leslie carr and wendy hall ( 2003 ) '' decentering the dancing text : from dance intertext to hypertext t miles-board jl deveril proc . of acm conference on  
hate in cyberspace : regulating hate speech on the internet a tsesis  san diego law review 2001.0 
a news on demand service via multimedia e-mail sm lee ty kim proceedings of the 25 thkiss spring conference    
multimedia call admission control with qos-guaranteeing in next-generation wireless networks : a f hu nk sharma computer    
source acm sigmod record archive hv jagadish acm sigmod record   1990.0 
low-cost delay-bounded point-to-multipoint communication to support multicasting over wdm networks 2002.0 tf znati t alrabiah r melhem computer networks  
system/u : a database system based on the universal relation assumption acm transactions on database systems 1984.0 hf korth gm kuper j feigenbaum a van gelder jd   
polymerization of preformed self-organized assemblies b armitage a benedicto de bennet hg lamparski acc . chem . res    
arithmetic and algebra continuity or cognitive break ? proceedings of the 25 thconference of the pme . utrecht nl m cerulli ma mariotti   
product liability punitive damages business decisions and economic outcomes wisconsin law review s garber  1998.0 
long-acting beta2-agonists for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients with poorly reversible cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 s appleton p poole b smith a veale a bara   
pharmacokinetics of mycophenolate mofetil ( rs61443 ) : a short review transplant proc 1996.0 res bullingham a nicholls m hale   
the family transition program : implementation and three-year impacts of floridaâ ?? s initial time - d bloom m farrell jj kemple n verma  1999.0 
opportunities for data base reorganization b shneiderman acm sigmod record   1974.0 
two-level models of hypertext j mayfield lecture notes in computer science 1997.0    
academic press inc e cg san diego  
performance simulation of brushless doubly-fed adjustable speed drives r spee ak wallace 1989.0    
standardising and validating high spatial resolution satellite data in the kalahari rangelands of op dube  proc 28th int symp rem sens and 3rd symp afr assoc rem sens & hellip ;  
donâ ?? t forget dr. frankenstein l sproull s kiesler computerworld  
the usda food safety and inspection services perspective on the impact of the slaughter plant haccp allen d. leman swine conference . proceedings b buntain   
innocent statements and their metaphysically loaded counterparts t hofweber    
course description : itop geography    
children 's literature : gateways to history . children 's . literature . rh lombardâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner 1994.0    
unisqlâ ?? s nextgeneration object-relational database management system p janus acm sigmod record   1996.0 
neuromancer paperback edition publiched in 1995 by voyager an imprint of harpercollins publishers w gibson    
influence of the correlation of experimental data on the error in evaluated neutron cross sections sa badikov ev gai ns rabotnov  at .  
mobility management in next-generation wireless systems if akyildiz j mcnair jsm ho w wang 1999.0  proceedings-ieee  
the coral deductive database system . acms anthology p edition    
associations between body size mating pattern testis size and sperm lengths across butterflies mjg gage 1994.0  proceedings : biological sciences  
urbansim reference guide : beta version university of washington seattle p waddell   
strategy and environment : a conceptual integration lj bourgeois iii  the academy of management review 1980.0 
vertebral artery dissection due to minor neck trauma journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 dj debehnke w brady   
geographic variation in two surfperches ( embiotocidae ) : local differentiation in one-dimensional lj haldorson  1978.0 
a viewpoint on software engineering and information systems : integrating the disciplines n mcbride  information and software technology 2003.0 
a mathematical model of the paris metro pricing scheme for charging packet networks d ros b tuffin computer networks 2004.0 
effects of cyclic nucleotides and intracellular ca on voltage-activated ciliary beating in y nakaoka h machemer  journal of comparative physiology a : sensory neural and & hellip ; 1990.0 
for dynamic files acm tods r fagin ehafa mechanism   
summary : developing a successful measurement program d baugher new directions for program evaluation   1981.0 
w. b & xâ ?? aâ ?? object-oriented approach to multimedia databasesâ ?? dww kim  proceedings of acm sigmod  
funding for small us businesses and from darpa and nasa . m winslett 1991.0  sigmod record  
delay the teaching of arithmetic ? a gleason unpublished  
when are methods complementary ? rf paige    
recreation demand models with taste differences over people ke train land economics   1998.0 
a community corrections study : the lsi as a predictor of program success p philbrick i gat l guisti  unpublished manuscript  
social science advising g geis tl huston new directions for teaching and learning   1995.0 
the 2001 trading agent competition mp wellman electronic markets   2003.0 
synergetics h haken naturwissenschaften 1980.0 
management fashion e abrahamson the academy of management review   1996.0 
improving end-to-end performance of the web using server volumes andproxy filters e cohen b krishnamurthy j rexford proc . acm    
source separation using higher order moments j cardoso    
combining linguistics with statistics for multiword term extraction : a fruitful association g dias s guillorã © jc bassano jgp lopes proceedings of recherche dâ ?? informations assistee par & hellip ;  
completion of a set of rules modulo a set of equations jp jouannaud h kirchner  proceedings of the 11th acm sigact-sigplan symposium on & hellip ; 1984.0 
selectivity estimation in spatial databases s acharya v poosala s ramaswamy   
regional review : monitoring changes in the central puget sound region psr council seattle washington usa  
weblint : quality assurance for the world wide web 1996.0 n bowers www5 / computer networks  
building a convincing test of a public housing employment program using non-experimental methods hs bloom new york : manpower demonstration research corporation  
periodic behaviour in timed systems with and or causality . part i : systems of dimension 1 and 2 technical report department of computer science stanford j gunawardena   
space optimization in deductive databases a baltrunas d srivastava s sudarshan r  acm transactions on database systems 1995.0 
biometry ms degree program b yandell   1995.0 
y mattos marcio cs de bl sadicoff mcv amorim a simple and visual demonstration of the heating effect of & hellip ; 2000.0 
programming microsoft directshow for digital video and television m pesce 2003.0    
learners achieve pac separation pwgwct unsupervised  procs . of colt/eurocolt lnai  
the real-time stealer s saez a garcãa j vila a crespo  proceedings of the 23rd ifac/ifip real-time programming  
general and relationship-based perceptions of social support : are two constructs better than one gr pierce ig sarason br sarason 1991.0  journal of personality and social psychology  
parametric query optimization j madhavan   
on-line information systems in anatomy : the digital anatomist interactive atlases 1997.0 jf brinkley kr eno sw bradley jw sundsten c   
using magic words to teach social studies k barton social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
the danger of replicationand a solution j gray p helland po ` neil d shasha  acm sigmod int . conf on management of data montreal june  
thomas pynchon 's multiple absurdities d hausdorff 1966.0  wisconsin studies in contemporary literature  
assessing the socioeconomic impact of improved treatment of head and spinal cord injuries journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 m berkowitz   
characterisation of a fast cmos imaging sensor for high speed laser detections b casadei    
women in engineering program advocates network ( wepan ) conference seattle washington june le schumaker   
new models and algorithms for programmable networks d raz y shavitt 2002.0  computer networks  
the stress distribution in a long circular cylinder when a discontinuous pressure is applied to the c tranter jw craggs phil . mag  
using climate data to predict grizzly bear litter size international conference on bear research and management hd picton rr knight   
algorithms for scheduling malleable and nonmalleable parallel tasks wt ludwig   1995.0 
multiple locus haplotype analysis version 2.0 . software and documentation distributed by the author jc long md  
broadband access via satellite a ephremides d friedman mh hadjitheodosiou  computer networks  
estimating the quality of functional programs : an empirical investigation r harrison lg samaraweera mr dobie ph lewis information and software technology   1995.0 
signal-dependent nonlinearities for physical models using time-varying fractional delay filters v vã $ limã $ ki t tolonen m karjalainen   
vestibulo-ocular relations see ref b cohen   
all but 49 numbers are wiener indices of trees h wang g yu    
a demand driven computation strategy for lazy narrowing lecture notes in computer science 1993.0 r loogen fl fraguas m rodrigues-artalejo   
the design of optimal electric power demand management contracts mf ioglu   2000.0 
virtual black holes at linear colliders y uehara   
racer system description v haarslev r moller  lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
sifting out erroneous observations in coadsâ ?? the trimming problem k wolter    
tests for conjunctions submitted for publication kj worsley   
andv . cheh . 2000 a zambrowski  & hellip ; of the home health prospective payment  
observer design for distributed-parameter dissipative bilinear systems applied mathematics and computer science h bounit h hammouri  1998.0 
procedural context and culture : variation in the antecedents of procedural justice judgments 1997.0 ea lind tr tyler yj huo journal of personality and social psychology  
1 2005 transpro sold g & o manufacturing to modine for $ 17 million in cash e march    
origins of the apt language for automatically programmed tools dt ross history of programming languages   1978.0 
consumption of a functional oil composed of medium chain triacylglycerols phytosterols and n-3 submitted for publication c bourque mp st-onge aa papamandjaris js cohn   
anatomy of a modular multiple query optimizer s chakravarthy a rosenthal proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
multimodal analysis of recorded video for e-learning t martin a boucher jm ogier proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0    
interventions for treating trichomoniasis in women f forna am gulmezoglu cochrane database syst rev 2003.0    
automatic hypertext linking j allan proc . acm hypertextâ ?? 96 conf    
dynamic multidimensional histograms s guha p indyk n koudas n thaper proc . acm sigmod  
the search for a model of healthcare-an analysis of the history and prospects as seen in the uk b cohen b molteno  conf . procs . of the  
siltation of australian reservoirs : some observations and dam safety implications . h chanson dp james   
the aqua approximate query answering system sa cr941 pb gibbons v poosaia s ramaswamy  proc . acm sigmod lnrernational co @ on management of data & hellip ;  
finding maximal quasiperiodities in strings gs brodal cns pedersen   
creating generative models from range images r ramamoorthi j arvo   
harvard preprint hutp-9o / a075.-9 . ka olive dn schramm g. steigman a. ndtp \ \ va. lker s glashow phys . lett .    
in dd williams & hellip ; evaluation : new directions for program evaluation ys lincoln eg guba   
horward . a complete axiomatization for functional and multivalued dependencies in database relations c beeri r fagin h john  proceedings of the 1977 acm sigmod international conference  
the intentional programming overview c simonyi    
the calipso mission : aerosol and cloud observations from space proc . 21st int . lidar radar conf d winker j pelon mp mccormick   
vectorized â ?? â ?? topoâ ?? â ?? program for the theoretical simulation of molecular shape f torrens e orti j sanchez-marin 1991.0  aip conference proceedings  
application of genetic algorithms to optimum offshore plant design pa joyce ta withers pj hickling proceedings of esrel    
managing multiple funding sources and writing grant documents . ew brewer 1993.0  new directions for adult and continuing education  
on the power of magic c been   
â ?? guidance for industryâ ?? preparation of food contact notifications and food additive petitions for us food d administration  md  
abstraction methods in hypertext pk garg proceedings of acm  
a linear format for resolution dw loveland proceedings of the iria symposium on automatic demonstration  
final report on floridaâ ?? s initial time-limited welfare program d bloom jj kemple p morris s scrivener n verma    
unpublished talk presented at the rossi 2000 symposium gsfc/nasa greenbelt k jahoda md    
second edition edited by twigg mv 1996.0 c handbook   
und v. wulf ( eds . ) : vernetztes lernen mit digitalen medien proceedings der tagung d-cscl 2000 physica heidelberg s uellner   
reflection and semantics in a procedural language ph. d bc smith thesis laboratory for computer science mit  
neocortex size and social group size in insectivores and carnivores rim dunbar j bever 1997.0    
method engineering for multi-perspective software engineering information and software technology b nuseibeh a finkelstein j kramer   
carbon monoxide poisoning : a review for clinicians-outcome of patients treated with normobaric j varonâ ? ¦ 1999.0  journal of emergency medicine  
a fast software implementation for arithmetic operations in gf ( 2 ^ n ) lecture notes in computer science e de win a bosselaers s vandenberghe p de  1996.0 
a review and empirical evaluation of parameter weighting methods for a class of lazy learning d wettschereck dw aha t mohri  artificial intelligence review  
dynamic adaptive windows for high speed data networks proc . acm d mitra jb seery   
rationale for the development of sandimmune neoral j vonderscher a meinzer transplantation proceedings   1994.0 
thue equations with composite elds y bilu g hanrot   
operational models for problem drug use epidemic : the mover-stayer approach to heterogeneity . c rossi   
repetitive and periodic controller design & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; gf ledwich a bolton  1993.0 
degradation of observations in the uv of the global ozone monitoring experiment ( gome ) cp tanzi r snel i aben proc . int . radiation symp. july    
a one-dimensional metallopolymer of 2 5-dimethyl-n nâ ? ² - dicyanoquinone diimine ( 2 5-dm-dcnqi ) x ouyang c campana kr dunbar 1984.0  acc . chem . res  
viki : spatial hypertext supporting emergent structure to appear in c marshall f shipman j coombs  proc . acm echtâ ?? 94  
use of kodak ektapro high-speed digital cameras in laryngoscopy g burnett r leonard phonoscope-san diego - 1999.0    
an improved technique for electrolytic colouration of alkali halide crystals ( abstract only ) p raerinne p ketolainen 1991.0  oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;  
network operating systems : playing the odds g gunnerson  pc magazine-american edition - 1993.0 
making deductive databases a practical technology : a step forward portal.acm.org    
an agent-based middleware - a solution for terminal and user mobility s lipperts asb park 1999.0  computer networks  
pstore : a secure peer-to-peer backup system c batten k barr a saraf s trepetin   
rfi analysis applied to the tdrss system ( tracking and data relay satellite system performance ) ja jenny & hellip ; telemetering conference washington d. c proceedings 1973.0    
anti-m monoclonal antibodies cross-reacting with variant m ^ g antigen : an example of modulation of e jaskiewicz m czerwinski d syper e lisowska   
on the use of kriged p-wave travel time correction surfaces proceedings of the 23rd seismic research review : worldwide & hellip ; lk steck aa velasco ml begnaud   
hematin compounds and bile pigments new york r lemberg jw legge   
decision-oriented approaches to program evaluation new directions for program evaluation 1981.0 rc larson eh kaplan   
the nature ofa useable pki cm ellison computer networks    
â ?? multimedia-technologie powerpack â ?? springer-verlag berlin heidelberg oktober 2000 r steinmetz   
airborne doppler radar observations in hurricane alicia fd marks 1984.0  conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland  
syfpeithi : database for mhc ligands and peptide motifs 1999.0 hg rammensee j bachmann npn emmerich oa bachor immunogenetics  
anita swinson anderson 6 sep 1999 '' as anderson   
the heartbeat considered as a relaxation oscillation and an electrical model of the heart b van der pol j van der mark  phil . mag  
white house ultimatum to fed is : shape up systems or lose funding . g anthes    
a computer architecture for digital logic simulation r barto sa szygenda electronic engineering    
phase margin of linear time invariant systems from routh array v krishnamurthi n al-awad   
presheaf models of constructive set theories n gambino 2004.0  submitted for publication  
institution-sponsored internships . 1994.0 ak ard new directions for higher education  
the document concept in a data base i kowarski m lopez  proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1982.0 
poâ ?? neil and d. shasha . the dangers of replication and a solution acm sigmod conf . on management of data canada j gray p helland   
10ã ? â ?? human-machine symbiosis d roy  bt technology journal 2004.0 
atrial natriuretic factor : an overview aj de bold  fed proc 1986.0 
a pattern-matching approach to link program theory and evaluation data jm marquart new directions for program evaluation  
three techniques for helping international program managers use evaluation findings r werge ra haag new directions for program evaluation   1989.0 
the dangers of replication j gray p helland poâ ?? neil d shasha proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
fast-convergence algorithm for ica-based blind source separation using array signal processing h saruwatari t kawamura k shikano    
delayed toxidromes1 gm bosse nj matyunas journal of emergency medicine 1999.0    
multivariate dependencies and a new normal form for relational database r fagin acm tods  
the evolution of effective b-tree : page organization and techniques : a personal account d lomet 2001.0  sigmod record  
information of aerosol extinction-to-backscatter ratios using aeronet measurements and cluster a omar j won s yoon mp mccormick proc . 21st int . laser radar  
a faculty code is not a coda . new directions for higher education rm o'neil  1974.0 
models of respiratory phase-switching fed proc 1977.0 mi cohen jl feldman   
complete solution of the eight-puzzle and the benet of node ordering in ida a reinefeld   
reformulation : an approach to efficient constraint validation x qian dr smith proc . vldb    
participation satisfaction and productivity : a meta-analytic review ki miller pr monge the academy of management journal   1986.0 
vulcan a srivastavaâ ? ¦ technical report microsoft research msr-tr-99-76 september    
inferring document similarity from hyperlinks proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; d grangier s bengio  2005.0 
proactively searching the web : can we agree on whatâ ?? s relevant demo and poster proceedings of acm hypertext 2002.0 j budzik m ruberry h stein kj hammond   
combining constraint solving and symbolic model checking for a class of systems with non-linear lecture notes in computer science w chan r anderson p beame d notkin  1997.0 
corporate culture -- college culture . wb martin  new directions for higher education 1985.0 
the leadership role of a dean new directions for higher education 1997.0 cm fagin   
an ultrasensitive silicon pressure-based flowmeter st cho k najafi cl lowman kd wise    
applications of artificial neural networks to satellite systems bt technology journal 1993.0 gd bye   
using taxonomy discriminants and signatures for navigating in text databases scbdr agrawal p raghavan    
the automatic generation of test cases for optimizing fortran compilers information and software technology cj burgess m saidi  1996.0 
analysis of n-dimensional quadtrees using the hausdorff fâ ?? ractal dimension v gaede hu zu berlin s str   
distributive and procedural justice : combined impact of â ?? voiceâ ?? and improvement on experienced r folger journal of personality and social psychology  
digitalized signatures and public key functions as intractable as intractable as factorization mo rabin  1979.0 
a measure of trading model performance with a risk component mm dacorogna ua muller ov pictet    
a performance study of query optimization algorithms on a database system supporting procedures vldb 1988.0 a jhingran   
dp-47-85 demonstration project program federal highway & hellip ; rpc concrete   
tappi pulp . conf 1994.0 rw allison kg mcgrouther d lachenal c de   
research methods in education l cohen l manion   
dynamic geography of marine fish populations washington sea grant program ad mccall 1990.0    
research directions in object-oriented databases proc . of the 9th acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium on & hellip ; w kim   
the ecology of fishes on coral reefs : academic press pf sale san diego ca    
etal 1998 a & a supp press ( procs . rome conference on j bloom   
s-plus 2000 guide to statistics : mathsoft i mathsoft  inc. seattle washington  
the implementation of the suggestive selling training program for the employees of the xyz resort t mccomb 1999.0    
implementation concepts for an extensible data model and data language 1988.0 ds batory ty leung te wise acm transactions on database systems  
topic focus and the grammar pragmatics interface jk gundel    
evaluation : the web white and blue network 2000 a lupia san diego    
shadow play : the fabled menace of punitive damages m galanter 1998.0  wisconsin law review  
formal query languages for secure relational databases acm transactions on database systems k smith x qian  1994.0 
linear structural relationships with latent variables : the lisrel model geography m cadwallader  1971.0 
scsi technology grows up j karney pc magazine 1993.0    
detecting semantic events in soccer games : towards a complete solution v tovinkere rj qian   
xlang : web services for business process design author s thatte technical report microsoft    
prima-a dbms prototype supporting engineering applications pm stocker w. kent t hã $ rder k meyer-wegener b mitschang a sikeler proc . 13th vldb conf. brighton uk morgan kaufmann & hellip ;    
â ?? notes on the absorption and scattering of x-rays and the characteristic radiation of j-series cg barkla mp white phil . mag    
optimal policy for lsp setup in mpls networks t anjali c scoglio j de oliveira if akyildiz g computer networks    
1996 . analysis of n-dimensional quadtrees using the hausdorff fractal dimension c faloutsos v gaede proc . 22nd int . conf . on very large data bases bombay  
radiolarian and diatom fluxes in two california borderland basins as indices of climate variability 1994.0 al weinheimer   
uniform microporous biomaterials prepared from marine skeletal precursors ra white e shors ew white proc int coral reef syrup    
exploiting a large thesaurus for information retrieval ar aronson tc rindflesch ac browne proceedings of riao 1994.0    
attitude change and attitude attribution : effects of incentive choice and consequences journal of personality and social psychology bj calder m ross ca insko   
etude d'un analyseur de surface de la langue natureue pour un sys # me de recherche documentaire p patrick b catherine  proc . cais conference montreal canada june  
an anatomy of the information resource semantic abstraction la kalinichenko sigmod record 1991.0 
reliable probabilistic verification using hash compaction submitted for p wolper u stern d leroy d dill   
representations for text categorization technical report microsoft research s dumais j platt d heckerman msil algorithms   
an adaptive recursive lms filter pl feintuch proc . ieee  
improved query performance with variant indexes d quass    
methods for tamper detection in digital images j fridrich    
spectral classificatoin of comets study of comets proceedings of iau colloq . 25 held in & hellip ; j bouska  1976.0 
approach end avoidance achievement goals and intrinsic motivation : a mediational analysis journal of personality and social psychology aj elliot jm harackiewicz  1996.0 
thermal ablation therapy for focal malignancy : a unified approach to underlying principles 2003.0 sn goldberg jb kruskal gs gazelle proceedings of spie  
efficient mining of association rules in distributed databases 1996.0 dw cheung vt ng aw fu knowledge and data engineering ieee transactions on  
stability of the optimal design with respect to inaccurate solution of the nonlinear state problem c stangl    
transaction management in an object-oriented data model jf garza w kim proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on    
effects of perspective on stereoscopic depth contrast of inclined surfaces 1999.0 m sato ip howard   
contours of constructive hypertexts 1993.0 m bernstein m joyce d levine proceedings of the acm conference on hypertext  
a functional meta-structure for hypertext models and systems r furuta pd stotts    
diffusion inelastique des electrons dans une solide par excitation de niveaus atomiques profonds c colliex b jouffrey phil . mag    
turkish standardisation of ravenâ ?? s spm n sahin e duzen proceedings of the 23rd international congress of applied & hellip ;    
digital optical computing aa sawchuk tc strand ieee proceedings 1984.0    
amã © lioration de la prã © cision dans un systã ¨ me de question-rã © ponse de domaine fermã © . to appear h doan-nguyen l kosseim  proceedings of 7 es journã © es internationales dâ ?? analyse & hellip ;  
neil und p. oã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents neil : a critique of ansi sql isolation levels proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference h berenson p bernstein j gray jme oã cents   
the introduction of the ox plow in central gambia see ref pm weil   
journalism ethics d elliot de cohen santa barbara california : abc-clio  
new sampling-based summary statistics for improving approximate query answers . pages 331 -- 342 1998.0 pb gibbons y matias   
buprenorphine for the management of opioid withdrawal l gowing r ali j white cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
physics lyceum aâ ?? class y vlachos y grammatikakis v karapanagiotis p 1999.0    
tappi pulp . conf n liebergott   1994.0 
moment method solution using parametric geometry '' 1994 international ieee ap-s symposium digest jm song wc chew  seattle washington june  
s. byrd roy . j. and heidorn george . e. 1985 . '' extracting semantic hierarchies from a large on - m chodorow proceedings of the 23rd    
histological typing of female genital tract tumours 1994.0 re scullyâ ? ¦   
integrating sql databases with contentspecic search engines s deloch nm mattos  proc . vldb s  
assessing the program environment : implications for program evaluation and design rh moos new directions for program evaluation    
a phonology of ngyemb oo n-bamileke sc anderson unpublished manuscript  
arithmetic or algebra ? w doorenâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 25 thconference of the pme . utrecht nl    
the case of the missing scales : a commentary on cox dr judd political geography   1998.0 
b.â $ ozden . resource scheduling for composite multimedia objects . tech mn garofalakis ye ioannidis memorandum bl0112330-980225-03tm bell laboratories february    
prehistoric rock paintings of the seminole canyon area val verde county texas d gebhard r thomas c pierson   1965.0 
a model of ceo dismissal jw fredrickson dc hambrick s baumrin the academy of management review 1988.0 
the gradual threshold model of ambivalence : relating the positive and negative bases of attitudes to jr priester re petty 1996.0  journal of personality and social psychology  
the magicboard f bã © rard   1999.0 
query containment and rewriting using views for regular path queries under constraints g grahne a thomo   
- and post-perihelion spectroscopic observations of comet kohoutek ( 1973f ) s wyckoff p wehinger study of comets proceedings of iau colloq . 25 held in & hellip ; 1976.0    
assessing students ' written projects 2002.0 r gray new directions for teaching and learning  
composite event specification in active databases : model & implementation nh gehani hv jagadish  vldb 1992.0 
response of riparian shrubs to declining water availability . p. 48-51 k boggs t weaver & hellip ; d. bedunah and cl wambolt ( compilers ) proceedings - & hellip ;  
bodytalk and the bodynet : a personal information infrastructure personal information architecture o shivers  1993.0 
m4d4e 4tude de litt4rature compar4e paris l mallinger   
buffer management based on return on consumption in a multi-query environment ps yu dw cornell the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1993.0 
molecular basis for erythrocyte shape a elgsaeter a mikkelsen 1991.0  aip conference proceedings  
control-flow semantics of use cases in uml kg van den berg ajh simons    
improved histograms for selectivity estimation of range predicates proc . of the 1996 acm sigmod 1996.0 v poosala ye ioannidis pj haas ej shekita   
kernel k-means spectral clustering and normalized cuts is dhillon y guan b kulis   
calcification of rachitic cartilage to study matrix vesicle function 1976.0 hc anderson sw sajdera fed proc  
beyond location : hypertext workspaces and non-linear views ms frank cm catherine l mark proc . acm    
global cost functions for test generation m abramovici dt miller r henning   
compositing digital images [ c ] p thomas d tom  proceedings d sic  
citrus canker in latin america : a review v rossetti proc int soc citriculture  
quanta release 2000 ms inc  san diego  
compositing digital images t porter t duff acm siggraph computer graphics 1984.0    
piecewise linear histograms for selectivity estimation x yu a fu    
a framework for generating adaptable hypermedia documents l rutledge l hardman dca bulterman   
a procedural approach to authoring solid models [ a ] proceedings of acm siggraph c barbara d julie m leonard   
observations on deixis and pointing based on the bielefeld corpus of task-oriented dialogue h rieser   
1999b : relating boundary layer flux measurements to remotely-sensed radiometric data ph schuepp rl desjardins m bastin s ogunjemiyo proc . fourth int . airborne remote sensing conf . / 21st  
transfinite networks s aravkin    
rock mass classification using fractal dimension proc . 28th . us rock . mech . symp. : balkema boston jr carr jb warriner   
an upturn soon ? e chelimsky new directions for program    
ribavirin with or without alpha interferon for chronic hepatitis c ( cochrane review ) ll kjaergard gc krogsgaard cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
a computer movie simulating urban growth in the detroit region wr tobler 1970.0  economic geography  
interventions for treating genital chlamydia trachomatis infection in pregnancy ( cochrane review ) p brocklehurst g rooney  2000.0 
ideal time-frequency denoising 1994.0 dl donoho im johnstone   
onebraker a. jhingran j. goh and s. potamianos . on rules procedures caching and views in data m st proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on    
nature and origin of at ype granites with particular reference to south-eastern australia 1982.0 wj collins sd beams ajr whiteâ ? ¦   
crosstalk driven layout x yang 1997.0    
development of cdznte detector systems for space applications i kuvvetli 2003.0    
introduction : the heterogeneity of heterogeneity : a glossary ecological heterogeneity j kolasa cd rollo  1991.0 
racial differences in spatial job search patterns : exploring the causes and consequences ma stoll s raphael    
institutional conflict . 1995.0 aw ostar new directions for higher education  
adaptive source separation with uniform performance b laheld jf cardoso    
finkelstein . set-orientedproductionrulesinrelationnal database systems j widomets acm-sigmod international conference on management of  
a unified fitness function calculation rule for flag conditions to improve evolutionary testing x liu h liu b wang p chen x cai  proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
flexible nets : the roles of intrinsic disorder in protein interaction networks ak dunker ms cortese lm iakoucheva v uversky  2005.0 
r and march nh 1955 phil . mag lcr alfred   
swim : an ai-based system for organizational management pm berry b drabble procs . of the 2nd nasa intl. workshop on planning and & hellip ;    
the role of emergency services in health care for the elderly : a review . 1993.0 jl wofford e schwartz je byrum journal of emergency medicine  
optimal policy for batch operations : backup checkpoint reorganization and updating gm lohman ja muckstadt acm tods    
quantitati6e seismicity of the aegean and surrounding area pm hatzidimitriou bc papazachos gf karakaisis  proceedings xxiv general assembly of esc athens greece  
popular medicine in hios s haviara-karahalios   1993.0 
computer graphics : the introductory course grows up acm sigcse bulletin 1999.0 l hitchner s cunningham s grissom r wolfe   
ydraylika erga para toic arhaioic ( hydraulic works of the ancients ) 1974.0 dl papadimos   
r. presa jj & garcã?a - garcã?a gl de guevara md  
perceptions of autonomy support parent attachment competence and self-worth as predictors of eh wong dj wiest lb cusick 2002.0  adolescence-san diego -  
the instruction of amenemope : a critical edition and commentary prolegomenon and prologue 2002.0 jr black   
on uncertainty ambiguity and complexity in project management mt pich ch loch a de meyer management science   2002.0 
microsoft powerpoint at a glance p inc 1997.0    
the impact of the value of womenâ ? s time on food and nutritionâ ? b senauer  i.  
phylip ( phylogenetic inference package ) version 3.5 c ( distributed by the author ) j felsenstein  seattle washington usa : department of genetics university & hellip ;  
institutionalization of program evaluation in canada : the federal level l rutman j mayne new directions for program evaluation 1985.0 
tv advertising program quality and product-market oligopoly t nilssen l sã ¸ rgard   
database research at at & t bell laboratories 1993.0 hv jagadish acm sigmod record  
error-correction coding for digital communications 1981.0 gc clark jb cain   
mediating interface between hypertext and structured documents k hayashi a sekijima    
unified dynamic hashing jk mullin 1984.0  vldb  
high speed arithmetic in binary computers ol macsorley proc . ire    
relational learning with statistical predicate invention : better models for hypertext m craven s slattery machine learning   2001.0 
parametric optimization of synthetic gratings using vector diffraction theory ( abstract only ) oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; e noponen a vasara j turunen  1991.0 
packing up to 200 equal circles in a square submitted for pg szabo e specht   
evaluation and reform dk cohen new directions for program evaluation 1983.0    
on rules proccdurcs caching and views in data base m stoncbrakcr a jhingran j goh s potamiarros systcms . acm-sigmod international conference on the & hellip ;  
fourteen notes on equal-processing-time scheduling p baptiste p brucker s knust vg timkovsky 2002.0  submitted for publication  
the fl language manual j backus jh williams el wimmers ibm almaden research center san jose ca tech . rep. rj - & hellip ;  
towards a unified theory of modulation part i : phase-envelope relationships hb voelcker proc . ieee    
a real time programmable data compression system for video data ( real time programmable video data rl kutz ld davisson & hellip ; telemetering conference washington d. c proceedings 1971.0 
the specification of program ow in madcap vi j morris m wells proc . acm natl. conf  
fractal and perceptual images in info-ergonomics : in 1-stifac workshop on control applications and ga moskvin athens greece june    
the tacit dimension of knowledge organizations js dietz unpublished manuscript  
the dangers of replication and a solution j gray p helland sigmod conference 1996.0 
statistical mechanics of chain molecules pj flory   
creating a community of learners : constructing opportunities for learning and negotiating meaning in a floriani 1997.0    
a 1961â ?? 90 baseline climatology and future climate change scenarios for great britain and europe e barrow m hulme t jiang part i  
developing and testing program classification and function theories kj conrad jr buelow new directions for program evaluation    
electronic brainstorming and group size rb gallupe ar dennis wh cooper js valacich lm the academy of management journal 1992.0    
galileo nims near-infrared observations of jupiter 's ring system s mcmuldroch sh pilorz ge danielsonâ ? ¦ icarus-new york - 2000.0    
fuzzy logic in the flakey robot eh ruspini  procs . of the int . conf . on fuzzy logic and neural networks  
structure petrology and geochronology of mesozoic paleoceanic basement terranes on cedros island dl kimbrough university of california santa barbara  
on classes of nonstationary parametric processes ja sills ew kamen proc . 29th conf . inf . sci . syst . johns hopkins univ    
kit de ressources techniques windows 2000 professionnel 2001.0 l de rã?fã?rence   
compiling complex database transition triggers d cohen    
the convergence of orgamzational and end-user computing er mclean la kappelman proceedings of the 23rd annual hawalz internatzonal & hellip ;  
computerized stock trading subject of sec caveat . 1984.0 j connolly computerworld.  
causality in economics s leroy   
relating exemplary teaching to student learning ta angelo new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
lvmsr : an efficient algorithm to multicast layered video w wen b mukherjee shg chan d ghosal 2003.0  computer networks  
spatialhash-joins proceedingsof acm sigmod conference montreal rcv loml   
dominance functions for parametric lagrangians s hildebrandt h von der mosel  to  
a method for the solution of oscillations problems by matrices wj duncan ar collar phil .  
real-time compositing system of a real camera and a computer graphic image k haseba a suzuki k fukui m hayashi proc . int &#39; l broadcasting    
eps-2002-013-lis h van heck    
next-generation content representation creation and searching for new-media applications in proceedings-ieee sf chang a eleftheriadis r mcclintock  1998.0 
wch jr. aquanet : a hypertext tool to hold your knowledge in place proc . acm cc marshall fg halasz ra rogers   
semiology of graphics : diagrams networks maps 1983.0 j bertin   
legislative program evaluation : utilization-driven research for decision makers . rk jonasâ ? ¦ 1999.0  new directions for program evaluation  
global query optimization proceedings of the 1986 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1986.0 tk sellis   
the importance of declarative semantics for mls relational databases k smith m winslett    
landloc : landmark-based user location vn padmanabhan    
a review of the experimental data from the high pressure phase in polyethylene u leute w dollhopf 1980.0  colloid & polymer science  
the importance of phase in the spectra of digital type . g duan ra morris   
the great ocean conveyor ws broecker  aip conference proceedings 1992.0 
interaction of electromagnetic field with rain medium with respect to the satellite link attenuation o fiser czech technical university prague    
improved histograms for selectivity estimation v poosala y ioannidis p haas e shekita proc . of acm sigmod montreal canada    
the beowulf distributed process space ea hendriks  submitted for publication  
issues examples and challenges in formative assessment e hunt jw pellegrino new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0    
one-dimensional dynamics w de melo s van strien  1993.0 
a high speed airborne data acquisition and control system with an integrated digital computer & hellip ; telemetering conference washington d. c proceedings 1973.0 wf trover   
nonlinear tariffs in markets with interdependent demand s oren s smith r wilson technical report program in information policy stanford    
canonical 3-folds journees de geometrie algebrique dâ ?? angers ( angers 1979 ed . a. beauville ) 273 m reid md    
heliox for treatment of exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( cochrane review ) g rodrigo c pollack c rodrigo b rowe eh cochrane database syst rev 2002.0    
corporate e-ducation a cohen pc magazine 137 2001.0 
indexing bitemporal databases as points information and software technology 1998.0 co beng hg cheng kl tan   
to give or not to give : an evolutionary ecology of human food transfers m gurven  unpublished manuscript  
whirling of a heavy chain tk caughey   
spin waves in one-dimensional antiferromagnets csnicl3 and cscocl3 t ulrich 1977.0  & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ;  
integral solutions of linear systems me flahive proc . int . number  
phylogenetic k-root and steiner k-root gh lin t jiang pe kearney lecture notes in computer science 2000.0    
higher-level protocols enhance ethernet electronic design je white yk dalal   
postacquisition performance of acquiring firms c loderer k martin   
exploiting the efficiency and fairness potential of aimd-based congestion avoidance and control a lahanas v tsaoussidis a lahanas v tsaoussidis computer networks 2003.0 
normal forms and relational database opera-mrs r fagin  proc . acm sigmod  
body size and foraging behavior in birds ri goudie jf piatt  proc . int . omithol . cong  
the deming theory of management 1988.0 wb gartner mj naughton the academy of management review  
learning characteristics of stochastic-gradient-descent algorithms : a general study analysis and 1984.0 wa gardner signal proc.  
join synopses for improving approximate query answers s acharya p gibbons v poosala s ramaswarmy proc . of acm sigmod conf    
vsched : mixing batch and interactive virtual machines using periodic real-time scheduling proceedings of acm/ieee sc 2005 ( supercomputing ) 2005.0 b lin pa dinda   
challenges in evaluating a national demonstration program for homeless persons with alcohol and rb huebner sb crosse new directions for program evaluation 1991.0    
classical thermodynamics and economic general equilibrium theory e smith dk foley   
energy exchanges and the general circulation geography fk hare   
efficient and extensible algorithms for multi query optimization . acm sigmod intl p roy s seshadri s sundarshan s bhobe  conference on management of data  
14â ?? 18 november 1993 . the fifth acm conference on hypertext proceedings acm siglink s sigir acm press seattle washington    
masked priming in the evaluation task : a switch from positive to negative priming due to speed - unpublished manuscript d wentura   
le positionnement de capteurs dans les systã ¨ mes industriels de grande dimension proceedings of imacs congress villeneuve d &#39; ascq d maquin j fayolle m darouach j ragot   
knowledge gained by mothers enrolled in a home visitation program adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 a hammond-ratzlaff a fulton   
evaluation of sctp multistreaming over satellite links m atiquzzaman w ivancic   
piecewise smooth surface reconstruction h hugues t derose t duchampâ ? ¦  computer graphics proceedings annual conference series 1994.0 
incremental maintenance of aggregate and outerjoin h gupta is mumick  technical report stanford university  
2000 pilze einfach bestimmen r winkler  at  
local-area networks : goal shifts to teamwork d terrie  computerworld  
its possibilities and limits.â ?? 1994.0 h intervention   
resource scheduling in enhanced pay-per-view mn garofalakis a silberschatz    
extracting large-scale knowledge bases from the web r kumar p raghavan s rajagopalan a tomkins vldb 1999.0 
factorization of the popov function of a multivariable linear distributed parameter system in the l pandolfi   
efficient bundle sorting y matias e segal js vitter    
cross-cultural nongeneralizations mq patton  new directions for program evaluation 1985.0 
how welfare and work policies affect employment and income : a synthesis of research . d bloom c michalopoulos  2001.0 
assessing social-psychological classroom environments in program evaluation gd haertel hj walberg new directions for program evaluation   1988.0 
organizational improvisation and organizational memory c moorman as miner the academy of management review   1998.0 
combining aggregate and survey data s ansolabehere rd rivers   1991.0 
digital city or urban simulator ? digital cities a aurigi lecture notes in computer  
the role of pioneer neurons in the development of mouse visual cortex and corpus callosum j deng aj elberger anatomy and embryology   2001.0 
spectral representations of linear features for generalisation e fritsch jp lagrange lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
tengger support of design-through-code [ uml through java ] for feature-oriented separation of w harrison c barton m raghavachari oopsla  
the content and access dynamics of a busy web server ( poster session ) vn padmanabhan l qiu proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmetrics international & hellip ;    
multicystic dysplastic kidney m mentser j mahan s koff pediatric nephrology 1994.0    
introduction : bringing programming to end users watch what i do : programming by a sypher   
dimension of the solution set for differential inclusions z dzedzej b gelman demonstration math  
synthesizing database transactions 1990.0 x qian vldb  
a csp and z combined modeling of document exchange processes in e-commerce protocols x wang sc cheung j wei information & software technology   2002.0 
active modeling of 3-d objects : planning on the next best pose ( nbp ) for acquiring range images 3-d digital imaging and modeling 1997 . proceedings. & hellip ; 1997.0 h zha k morooka t hasegawa t nagata   
bridging the lexical chasm : statistical approaches to answer-finding a berger r caruana d cohn d freitag v mittal proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ; 2000.0 
ibm speeds up virtual tape system n dillon    
university of washington seattle washington . personal communication a whiteley   
duplicates and aggregates in datalog is mumick h pirahesh r ramakrishnan & hellip ; ibm reseaxch division computer science almaden research & hellip ;    
homoeopathic oscillococcinum for preventing and treating influenza and influenza-like syndromes aj vickers c smith cochrane database syst rev 2000.0    
feff 8.00 manual a ankudinov b ravel jj rehr  1999.0 
nyquistâ ?? s problem-the joint optimization of transmitter and receiver in pulse amplitude modulation dw tufts  proc . ieee  
w. w ] lson . an overview of db2 paraflel edition c barn g fecteau a goyaf h hsiao a jhnigmn s proceedings of 1995 sigmod international conference on    
assume-guarantee model checking c flanagan s qadeer   
surfing the web backwards s chakrabarti da gibson ks mccurley www8 / computer networks   1999.0 
stationary and nonstationary learning characteristics of the lms adaptive filter b widrow mg larimore cr johnson ieee proceedings 1976.0    
query optimization for parallel execution s ganguly   
when are two games the same ? j van benthem unpublished  
spectral representation in vision ( abstract only ) j hallikainen j parkkinen t jaaskelainen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0    
sex effects on evaluation vf nieva ba gutek the academy of management review 1980.0    
computing representations of the structure of written discourse sh corston-oliver    
gibbons and . matias . new sampling-based summary statistics for improving approximate query answers pb gm proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on    
addison-wesley 2000 m reading   
the implications of autonomy for stable policy routing n feamster r johari h balakrishnan  proc . acm  
recommended resources . ml mcbee  new directions for higher education 1980.0 
morphology of the auditory pathway in congenitally deaf white cats equipped with cochlear implants proc 29th gã ¶ ttingen neurobiol conf s heid a kral r hartmann r klinke   
the measuring modes and observations with the x-ray spectrometer array sixa onboard spectrum-x-gamma j huovelin h paeivike o vilhu v kaemaeraeinen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
mrna fingerprinting of transgenic food crops ej kok j keijer ama van hoef enw van der wal -  report of the demonstration programme on food safety & hellip ;  
caffarella ( 1994 ) . â ?? experiential learning : a new approach.â ?? l jackson  new directions for adult and continuing  
enterprise java platform data access s white r cattell s finkelstein 1998.0  proceedings of the 1998 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
amphibian embryo protease inhibitors de slaughter 1976.0    
the branch and bound algorithm for a backup virtual path assignment in survivable atm networks k walkowiak   
spectrin isoform diversity and assembly in non-erythroid cells cd cianci jc kim j mclaughlin pr stabach cr cellular and molecular biology letters 1996.0    
bloom 's syndrome gene suppresses premature ageing caused by sgs1 deficiency in yeast sj heo k tatebayashi i ohsugi a shimamoto y genes to cells   1999.0 
nevot implementation and program structure university of massachusetts technical report h schulzrinne   
species displaced by spartina in the pacific northwest k sayce  & hellip ; grant program university of washington seattle washington & hellip ;  
theory as method : small theories of treatments mw lipsey  new directions for program evaluation 1993.0 
combining relational and network retrieval methods h chen smc kuck 1984.0  proceedings of the 1984 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
on the closure of the family of conjunctive languages under inverse homomorphism a okhotin   
taxane diterpene synthesis strategies . a review org . prep . proc . int cs swindell   
energy and depletable resources : economics and policy 1973-98 cd kolstad    
generation and recognition of formal languages by modifiable grammars acm sigplan notices b burshteyn  1990.0 
t.â ?? papatheodourou evaluation of hypermedia application development and management systems â ?? s christodoulou g styliaras  proceedings of acm hypertext â ?? 98  
method engineering for multi-perspective software development b nuseibeh a finkelstein j kramer   
programming microsoft office 2000 web components d stearns   1999.0 
new proposal for a common command language in information systems y vander auwera l bernard acm sigmod record 1982.0 
finnish space projects : space astronomy ( abstract only ) oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; o vilhu  1991.0 
