initiation of crazes in polystyrene as argon jg hannoosh phil . mag  
obtaining complete answers from incomplete databases ay levy proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
progress through ich toward harmonization of genetic toxicology testing practices for gs probst seattle washington dc  
capturing design rationale in concurrent engineering teams m klein   
load balancing in dynamic structured p2p systems ssy patel   
on the nature of continental shelves : academic press jj walsh san diego  
visualization optimization and business strategy dl gresh ei kelton d. gresh e. kelton proceedings ieee visualization  
new chance : implementing a comprehensive program for teenage parents and their children j quint b fink s rowser  1991.0 
heated humidified air for the common cold m singh cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
getting started : informal small-group strategies in large classes jl cooper p robinson new directions for teaching and learning 2000.0 
photoprotection by carotenoids mm mathews-roth fed proc 1987.0 
inside visual c++ jk david  1996.0 
svâ `` jeuxantiquesâ '' ve encarta  1993.0 
blind nasotracheal intubation in the presence of facial trauma cl rosen re wolfe se chew sw branney ej roe journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
stochastic averaging of hamiltonian systems : a direct martingale proof of a result by freidlin and r sowers n sri namachchivaya submitted for publication  
came : the first step to automated software engineering m saeki procs . oopsla 2003 workshop on process engineering for & hellip ;  
selectivity estimation in spatial databases acm sigmod intl s achaya v poosala s ramaswamy conference on management of data  
exploiting temporal parallelism for software-only video effects processing k mayer-patel la rowe   
intra-annual changes in the abundance of coho chinook and chum salmon in puget sound in 1997 rj beamish m folkes r sweeting c mahnken   
preface to the proceedings of the workshop on data reverse engineering e chikofsky hd kathi  2000.0 
academic press eb davies op semigroups san diego  
hierarchical dynamic router k kawamura m umeda h shiraishi proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
pp. 4-5 p assessment   
advanced diagnostics : a pascal interactive system nh white gm haylett information and software technology 1987.0 
components and recognition of facial expression in the communication of emotion by actors p gosselin g kirouac fy dore journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
hydrology and hydraulic systems . 2 ndedition waveland press inc. ; 867pp rs gupta  2001.0 
bio-ajax : an extensible framework for biological data cleaning ch wuq sigmod record 2004.0 
price and service discrimination in queuing systems : incentive compatibility of gc scheduling ja van mieghem management science 2000.0 
sql multimedia and application packages ( sql/mm ) base documents p cotton  1994.0 
a study of virtual reality-a development of virtual space editor '' vis-edit '' - r kijima m hirose procs . of the 7th human interface symposium  
analysis patterns for patient treatment t sorgente eb fernandez mm larrondo-petrie submitted for  
closed-loop balancing and singular perturbation : a new result l fortuna g muscato g nunnari electronic letters 1991.0 
literacy and health communities : potential partners in practice pa sissel md hohn new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
strudel : a web-site management system m fernandez j kang a levy d suciu   
final report l koehnken mount lyell remediation research and demonstration program . & hellip ;  
or constraint maintenance ibm research report rj 7348 s cen jwdp rules ibm almaden research center march  
the relationship between international trade and linguistic competence j stanley d ingram g chittick report to deet  
mix barrington huong lethanh on counting ac0 circuits with negative constants a ambainis a david proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on  
automatic acquisition of the lexical semanl ics of verbs fl ` om sentence frames m webster m mm ` cus procs of a cl &#39; 89  
a cmos analog parallel array processor chip with programmable dynamics for early vision tasks r carmona f jimã © nez-garrido r domãnguez - castro   
first-year impacts p patterns new york : manpower  
endoscopic submucosal resection with hook knife o tsuneo & hellip ; international endoscopy conference with live demonstration & hellip ;  
human resource development 's role in women 's career progress ks mcdonald lm hite new directions for adult and continuing education 1998.0 
optimality conditions and homogenization f murat l tartar proceedings ofâ ?? nonlinear variational problemsâ ?? isola d & hellip ;  
explaining away political crimes . hf dahl ã ? sã ¸ rensen unpublished manuscript  
topologically constrained manganese ( iii ) and iron ( iii ) complexes of two cross-bridged tj hubin jm mccormick nw alcock dh busch acc . chem . res 1996.0 
assessment of neonatal diaphragmatic paralysis using magnetic phrenic nerve stimulation gf rafferty a greenough g dimitriou mi polkey   
client puzzles : a cryptographic defense against connection depletion attacks a juels j brainard proceedings of ndss  
rb warren '' a computer system for cardiac electrical measurement and control '' rc barr gs herman-giddens ms spach proc . 28th acemb sept  
homoplasy : academic press mj sanderson l hufford san diego calif  
others . 1995 . ecological effects of stocked trout in naturally fishless high mountain lakes north wj liss pacific northwest region seattle  
physiology and biochemistry of seeds in relation to germination . vol . 2 viability dormancy and jd bewley m black  1982.0 
distributed-memory model checking with spin f lerda r sisto lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
im . ode strikes the right cord h curtis electronic news  
companies power up networking g lee ieee  
improved condition for the optimality of decentralised control for large-scale systems tc yang n munro   
pat selinger speaks out p selinger m winslett sigmod record  
'' ping-pong '' gaze in severe monoamine oxidase inhibitor toxicity jl erich rd shih re o'connor journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
coalescing in temporal databases mh bijhlen rt snodgrass md soo   
an d kroo i. ( 1993 ) '' a rolefo rgenetic algorithmsinapreliminary designenvironment '' p gage proceedings fromtheaiaacf d  
tool support for object-oriented patterns g florijn m meijers p van winsen lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
panga ( 1998 ) exploratory mining and pruning optimizations of constrained association rules r ng lvs lakshmanan j han proc . acm sigmod international conference on management of  
hierarchical techniques for visibility computations j bittner  2002.0 
the canvass news video composition g ahanger tdc little online demonstration http://hulk . bu . edu/projects/fap / demo & hellip ;  
spatial and temporal variabilities of phytoplankton community structure in the northern north y obayashi e tanoue k suzuki n handa y nojiri deep-sea research i 2001.0 
bitwidth aware global register allocation s tallam r gupta   
special issue editorial k ramamohanarao the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
voltage collapse and transient energy function analyses of ac/dc systems ca canizares  1991.0 
modelling security policies in hypermedia and web-based applications p diaz i aedo f panetsos lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
a uniqueness result concerning a robust regularized least-squares solution ah sayed h chen submitted for  
in press . '' keeping it living '' : indigenous plant management on the northwest coast d deur nj turner university of washington press seattle washington  
oz + : an object-oriented database system sp weiser fh lochovsky acm press frontier series 1989.0 
peter jones daphne comfort and david hillier p geographer t geography geography 2005.0 
web-based casinos are beating the odds k nash   
standards in practice grades k-2 lk crafton   
disaster could endanger chip industry . p kallender electronic news  
extreme divergence of mitochondrial dna within species of pulmonate land snails d thomaz a guiller b clarke proceedings : biological sciences 1996.0 
loop fusion for clustered vliw architectures y qian s carr p sweany   
programmable mobile networks at campbell me kounavis rrf liao computer networks 1999.0 
moderators of self-other agreement : reconsidering temporal stability in personality jc biesanz sg west wg graziano journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
query optimization in the presence of limited access patterns a levy i manolesu d suciu d florescu proc . of acm sigmod conf . on management of data  
foreword fmh schek the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1992.0 
47 ( cd-rom c2000 by intellectual reserve inc. ) '' us census h county d kentucky  1880.0 
creativity divergent thinking and openness to experience rr mccrae journal of personality and social psychology  
cantecleer kunstgeschiedenis f baumgart   
web modelling ( webml ) : a modelling language for designing web sites s ceri p fraternali a bongio computer networks  
toward the scalable integration of internet information sources j kang  2003.0 
a competitive edge in collaborative work ; project management tool uses web-based collaboration to ah johnson   
universal standardization of bone density measurements : a method with optimal properties sl hui s gao xh zhou cc johnston y lu cc  1996.0 
defective e-cadherin/catenin complexes in human cancer e van aken o de wever as correia da rocha m virchows archiv 2001.0 
final evaluation of the harbinger program as a demonstration project r mulder unpublished manuscript  
when financial incentives encourage work : complete eighteen-month findings from the self-sufficiency w lin pk robins d card k harknett s lui-gurr september . ottawa : social research and demonstration & hellip ;  
declarative data cleaning : model language and algorithms h galhardas d florescu d sasha e simon ca proc . vldb  
realizing a temporal complex-object data model portal.acm.org   
the asymptotic number of outerplanar graphs m bodirsky m kang   
antagonistic and agonistic effects of an extracellular fragment of nectin on formation of e-cadherin t honda k shimizu t kawakatsu m yasumi t genes to cells 2003.0 
maximal objects and the semantics of universal relation databases d maier jd ullman acm transactions on database systems 1983.0 
contract manufacturers aloof toward rivals ? b levine electronic news  
ten steps to a secure wireless network k karagiannis pc magazine  
the roles of supervisory support behaviors and environmental policy in employee '' ecoinitiatives '' at ca ramus u steger   
margaret robertson and andrew fluck p geographer t geography geography 2005.0 
generation and search of clustered files g salton a wong acm transactions on database systems 1978.0 
dynamically reconfigurable coprocessor for network processors e maehle c albrecht r hagenau proc . work in progress session 29th euromicro conference & hellip ;  
internet scale string attribute publish/subscribe data networks i aekaterinidis p triantafillou proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
language and freedom n chomsky abraxas i  
jd u1lman '' v harinarayan a rajaraman implementing data cubes efficiently '' sigmod conference  
getting to '' aha ! '' k melymuka computerworld  
apj t maeshiroâ ? ¦  2004.0 
facets of babylonia : interpretations of the development of the welfare state in greece d sotiropoulos social policy in greece : challenges and prospects athens : & hellip ;  
fragments of relations d maier jd ullman proceedings of the 1983 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1983.0 
code complete chapter 24 s mcconnell  1993.0 
conf . on computer graphics acm annual acm press  
needle-sharing patterns as a predictor of hiv seroprevalence among new york city intravenous drug k yee ls brown bj primmâ ? ¦ montreal canada june  
implementing data cubes efficiently [ j ] v hafinarayan a rajaraman jd ullman sigmod  
weapons as aggression-eliciting stimuli l berkowitz a lepage journal of personality and social psychology  
on the manner in which cotton unites with colouring matter w crum phil mag  
features and performance white paper rd protocol microsoft  
academic press rc elton x lasers san diego  
8051 å ? ® æ ? ¶ ç ?? å 3/4 ® é ? '' è ? ¦ å ¯ ¦ ç ¿ ? è ?? æ ?? ç ? ¨ 1993 : æ ? 3/4 å ´ ? é ? '' è ? ¦ å ?? æ ? ¸ è ³ ? æ ?? å ? ³ é ?? æ ?? ï 1/4 ? æ ² ? æ ? ¶ é ? 1/2 ï 1/4 ? é?åºå ??   
catching sites l lindop m sriskandarajah m williams m bracken pc magazine  
microsoft ( r ) project 2002 step by step c chatfield  2002.0 
closure of the '' non-healing wound '' corresponds with correction of weight loss using the anabolic r demling l de santi   
visualization in scientific computing bh mccormick acm sigbio newsletter 1988.0 
patterns of labor market performance among low-income wisconsin single mothers . m cancian r haveman w-2 child support demonstration evaluation phase 1 : final & hellip ;  
user-interface architecture of web-based applications p hejda  2001.0 
shifting to a work first program for welfare recipients : lessons from los angeles county e weissman new york : manpower demonstration research corporation  
cytologic features of neoplastic lesions in endocervical glands kp siziopikou hh wang g abu-jawdeh   
source acm sigmod record archive j melton acm sigmod record 2002.0 
data-driven one-to-one web site generation for data-intensive web applications s ceri p fraternali s paraboschi proceedings of vldbâ ?? 99 september 1999 edinburgh  
connecticut 's jobs first program : an analysis of welfare leavers . l melton d bloom  2000.0 
designing for scalability s sundblad p sundblad microsoft  
a lyre of savage thunder : a study of the poetry of roy campbell jf povey r campbell wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1966.0 
arithmetic methods trade off precision for numerical range r frisch b isenstein s stein electronic  
strategic preparedness : a critical requirement to maximize e-commerce investments ka saban electronic markets 2001.0 
a moose and a fox can aid scientists with data management problems 1993 j wiener y ioannidis submitted for  
sala-i-martin xavier ( 1995 ) economic growth rj barro new  
integrated price and reliability regulation : the european experience v ajodhia   
local model checking for real-time systems ov sokolsky sa smolka lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
geo-economic competition and trade bloc formation : united states german and japanese exports 1968 jo ` loughlin l anselin economic geography 1996.0 
tina dacus lann bookout and jim patek '' water availability modeling project : year 1-concept plan k sokulsky proceedings of the 25 thwater for texas conference water  
modelling of features and feature interaction patterns in nokia mobile phones using coloured petri l lorentsen ap tuovinen j xu proceedings of the 23rd international conferece on theory & hellip ;  
mechanistic aspects of-bond-cleavage reactions of aromatic radical cations e baciocchi m bietti o lanzalunga acc . chem . res 2000.0 
a timing-based schema for stabilizing information exchange in networks a arora d poduska proc . int . conf . on computer networks  
'' everything old is new again '' : early reflections on the '' new chicago school '' m tushnet wisconsin law review 1998.0 
meeting the userâ ?? s intention in programming by demonstration systems . m sassin s bocionek proc acquisition learning and demonstration workshop  
adaptive scheduling with client resources to improve www server scalability d andresen t yang  1996.0 
first international symposium on gis in fishery sciences t nishida seattle washington usa ( abstracts )  
trade credit quality guarantees and product marketability ms long ib malitz sa ravid financial management 1993.0 
the dynamics of informal employment in mã © xico b roberts us department of labor bureau of international labor & hellip ;  
cy andh . v. jagadish . schema-free xquery y li proc . of vldb  
gigascope : high performance network monitoring with an sql interface c cranor y gao t johnson v shkapenyuk o proc . of the 2002 acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of  
the principles practice and pitfalls of nearest-neighbour analysis in linear situations da pinder me witherick geography  
theory and practice of electro-remediation r lageman nato/ccms pilot study : demonstration of remedial action & hellip ;  
magnetic resonance imaging with implanted neurostimulators : a first numerical approach using finite ma golombeck a staubert vm tronnier   
application of acoustic emission technique to determination of in situ stresses in mines m utagawa m seto k katsuyama proc . 26th int . conf . safety in mines research institute vol  
some aspects of array signal processing s haykin jp reilly v kezys e vertatschitsch iee proceedings 1992.0 
property-dependent modular model checking application to vhdl with computational results f rahim proc . intâ ?? l workshop hldvt  
altered patterns of calbindin d-28k-immunoreactivity in adult and neonatal mouse brains exposed to v maharajan p maharajan r prencipe g ravagnan proc 29th international narcotics research conference & hellip ;  
on the tear strength of rubbers an gent aw henry proc . int . rubber conf. brighton  
june 1998 exploratory mining and pruning optimizations of constrained associations rules r ng l lakshmanan j han a pang proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
the pc magazine 100 most influential companies j kirchner pc magazine  
subnanosecond arithmetic second report mj flynn g de micheli r dutton rf pease b   
serendipitous information retrieval proceedings of the first delos network of excellence workshop on eg toms & hellip ; in digital libraries ( zurich switzerland december 11 -- 12  
load balancing for agile wdm networks b zhou ht mouftah procs . of 21th biennial symposium on communications & hellip ;  
catherine cookson country : tourist expectation and experience d pocock geography  
key-schedule cryptanalysis of idea g-des gost safer and triple-des j kelsey b schneier d wagner lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
on the propagation of errors in the size of join results acm sigmod intl y ioannidis s christodoulakis conference on management of data  
the influence of sluice and water level fluctuation on landslides and rockfalls of the gorges z yuan x tang tropical geography 2003.0 
the supersid project : exploiting high-level information for high-accuracy speaker recognition da reynolds w andrews j campbell j navratil b   
fast on-line implementation of two dimensional median filtering g garibotto l lambarelli electronic letters  
on the encipherment of search trees and random access files r bayer jk metzger acm transactions on database systems 1976.0 
exploratory mining via constrained frequent set queries r ng lvs lakshmanan j han t mah sigmod conference 1999.0 
genealogy of toni farmer ( posted at http://toni . myqth . com/sergent3 html ) '' t farmer   
academic bargaining : power changes for everyone ? . rk carr new directions for higher education 1974.0 
numerical modelling of spatial and temporal lag effect in bed load sediment transport bc phillips aj sutherland proc . 21st congress int . assoc. hydraul . res  
automatic generation of physical data base structures se smith   
join synopses for approximate query answering s acharya pb gibbons   
vitamin d receptors : molecular structures of the protein and its chromosomal gene jw pike ra kesterson ra scott sa kerner dp & hellip ; : proceedings of the seventh workshop on vitamin d. new york & hellip ;  
advanced dial-a-ride algorithms : interim report nhm wilson rw weissberg bt higonnet j hauser  1975.0 
catalytic asymmetric synthesis special issue . cs foote acc chem res 2000.0 
myocardial infarction in young adults : risk factors and clinical features mg kanitz sj giovannucci js jones m mott journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
a video compression algorithm with adaptive bit allocation and quantization '' e viscito c gonzales proc . spie 1991.0 
andj . l. hermessy balancing and data locality in parallel n-body techniques jp singh c holt t totsuka a gupta technical report csl-tr-92-505 stanford university  
a new look at laser chemistry rd levine kl kompa acc . chem . res  
19906 . access to information processing tools : an exploratory study jl gogan proceedings of the 23rd annual hawau international  
photobiology : academic press e kohen r santhus jg hirschberg san diego ca  
histã ³ ria econã ³ mica mundial vol v prada   
tsql2 language specification rt snodgrass acm sigmod record 1994.0 
pvm-prolog : parallel logic programming in the pvm system r marques jc cunha procs . of the 1995 pvm userâ ?? s group meeting pittsburgh & hellip ;  
physical adsorption of gases and vapours s brunauer vol .  
fad a powerful and simple database language 13th int f bancilhon t briggs s khoshafian p valduriez conf . on very large data bases  
electronic market : the roadmap for university libraries and members to survive in the information acms anthology sigmod record 1998.0 
measurement-based replanning of cell capacities in gsm networks e onur h delic c ersoy mu caglayan computer networks 2002.0 
puns in apollinaire 's '' alcools '' ah greet wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1965.0 
title of article ab author title of  
what a good idea ! ideology and frames in social movement research pe oliver h johnston mobilization-san diego - 2000.0 
web-based collaborative library research s robertson s jitan k reese proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
the video window system in informal communications bl chalfonteetal  1990.0 
overview of neural-type electronics '' n el-leithy fw newcomb proc . of the 28th midwest symposium on circuits and systems & hellip ;  
mol cryst liq cryst j geng g li e zhou jwy lam bz tang submitted for publication  
micro-payments based on ikp . ibm zurich research laboratory r hauser m steinerâ ? ¦  1996.0 
coming out in the age of the internet : identity '' demarginalization '' through virtual group kya mckenna ja bargh journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
general features of monetary models and their significance . '' n wallace unpublished manuscript 2002.0 
statistical estimation of the switching activity in digital circuits '' 31st acm/ieee design m xakellis f najm san diego ca  
on kent 's '' consequences of assuming a universal relation '' . dvd version acmsa dvd acm trans . database syst. 1983.0 
the jungle database search engine m bohlen l bukauskas c dyreson   
an essay on trade and transformation sb linder  1961.0 
modeling phytoplankton blooms and carbon export production in the southern ocean : dominant controls c lancelot e hannon s becquevort c veth hjw de deep-sea research i 2000.0 
aspects of risk theory j grandell  1994.0 
nv '' a data transfer protocol '' s stenning computer networks  
protecting the environment from waste disposal : the cement kiln option s herat environment protection engineering 1997.0 
multimedia memory of mayan medicine ( demonstration ) ta smith b woloch l teodosio jc de la parra fg proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
spatial joins using r-trees : breadth-first traversal with global optimizations h yun-wu j ning ea rundensteiner proc international conference on very large data bases & hellip ;  
grazing graminoids and hysteresis : investigating relationships between livestock production da sarr  1995.0 
interview with authors b landing san diego  
27 good reasons to buy a cd-rom player r raskin pc magazine-american edition - 1992.0 
and now ... the answers ! how to deal with conflict in higher education sa holton new directions for higher education 1995.0 
an introduction to high strength commercial waste . stuth co inc. and aqua test wl stuth c garrison inc. project . seattle washington  
the first year of college teaching ld fink new directions for teaching and learning 1984.0 
uk team surveys web-based visualization k brodlie s lovegrove j wood proceedings of acm siggraph 2000  
report on the 1995 international workshop on temporal databases a segev cs jensen rt snodgrass sigmod record 1995.0 
proactive caching of dns records : addressing a performance bottleneck e cohen h kaplan computer networks 2003.0 
leviathan t hobbes   
capturing long memory in the volatility of equity returns : a fractionally integrated asymmetric th mccurdy pk michaud unpublished manuscript  
decidability and expressiveness aspects of logic queries o siimueli proc . 6th acm  
sharing and first class functions in object-oriented languages ta budd submitted for  
transgenic cotton present and future gm jividen proceedings of the 23rd international cotton conference  
national tall fescue testâ ?? 1996 . progress report 1997 ntep no. 98-1 . national turfgrass evaluation kn morris r shearman md  
spatial joins using r-trees : breadth-first traversal with global optimizations yw huang n jing ea rundensteiner vldb 1997.0 
5 steps to success in lead-free soldering -- step 4 : implement lead-free manufacturing g diepstraten electronic production  
navajo education 1948-1978 : its progress and its problems . volume iii part a navajo history . ra roesselâ ? ¦  1979.0 
the emergency department management of near-hanging victims l vande krol r wolfe journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
2 1 stdoe/nrc nuclear air cleaning conference wak plant san diego  
information overload and '' just-in-time '' knowledge r hanka electronic library 2000.0 
chin dn mammen m. & gordon dm ( 1995 ) gm whitesides ee simanek jp mathias ct seto acc . chem . res  
a verifier for interactive data-driven web applications a deutsch m marcus l sui v vianu d zhou proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
using video in the bnr usability lab s kennedy   
real-time specification inheritance anomalies and real-time filters m aksit j bosch w van der sterren l bergmans lecture notes in computer science 1994.0 
efficient breadthâ ?? first manipulation of binary decision diagrams pam cheong   
on ethics and profâ ?? l responsibility formal op. 01421 ( 2001 ) . if the insured then refused to aba comm   
econometric analysis of china 's agricultural trade behaviour proceedings of the fifth symposium of ws chern s yu san diego california  
organic reactions . rc fuson ch mckeever vol .  
falls in the elderly : a multifactorial problem s letvak journal of emergency nursing 2000.0 
isolation of gps multipath and receiver tracking errorsâ '' in proceedings of ion national technical m braasch san diego january  
extreme programming in practice . 2001 : addison-wesley j newkirk rc martin   
controlled spawning of southern flounder paralichthys lethostigma : issues and progress tij smith mr denson   
iso working draft sql multimedia and application packages ( sql/mm ) - parts 1â ± 8 m ashworth documents x3h2-96-295 to  
ethics commissions and ethics councils in international comparison m fuchs indo-german workshop on bioethics bombay india march  
real-time asl recognition from video using hmmâ ?? s t starner a pentland technical report 375 media lab massachusetts inst . of  
foreword ee garcia   
a patterns language for requirements analysis da rawsthorne   
cooperative pluralism : moving from '' me '' to '' we . '' . m nakagawa vo pang social studies and the young learner 1990.0 
microsoft visual c# . net step by step j sharp j jagger  2002.0 
certificate chain discovery in spki/sdsi ( work in progress ) rl rivest d clarkeâ ? ¦  1999.0 
yet another approach for secure broadcasting based upon single key concept . a federgruen d spreen jk jan cd yu proceedings 25 th annual 1991 ieee international carnahan & hellip ; 1991.0 
osha releases final rules for workplace ergonomics p thibodeau computerworld  
the scsh manual . november 1995 scsh release 0.4 o shivers mit laboratory for computer science . ( also available at url http :  
impact of the odra river nutrient load reductions on the trophic state of the szczecin lagoon : a m wielgat g schernewski   
learning to survive a birk   
optimality theory of databases d kung c papadimitriou proceedings of acm-sigmod 1981 international conference on & hellip ;  
foreword j remane   
on the definition of distance in general relativity '' imh etherington phil . mag  
adiba and bg lindsay . database snapshots me al801 vldb october 2001.0 
titanâ ?? s surface : monitoring and modeling from near-infrared spectra a coustenis b schmitt e lellouch cp mckay p submitted for publication  
webfilter : a high-throughput xml-based publish and subscribe system f fabret h jacobsen f llirbat j pereira d vldb rome italy  
omitted-ability bias major-specific wage premia and changes in the returns to college education . e eide j grogger unpublished paper university of california santa barbara  
on answering queries in the presence of limited access patterns c li e chang   
ethics and hr : standards in practice g edwards k bennett personnel administrator  
the biology of calanoid copepods : academic press j mauchline san diego ca  
the evolution of parental care patterns : a synthesis and a study of the breeding ecologyof the tr carlisle  1981.0 
preface : introduction to special sectionâ ?? business models r alt electronic markets 2001.0 
parallel processing and document layout submitted to h brown  1988.0 
social information processing factors in reactive and proactive aggression in childrenâ ?? s peer ka dodge jd coie journal of personality and social psychology 1987.0 
ethics in practice e perloff jk perloff new directions for program evaluation 1980.0 
scheduling real-time transactions : a performance evaluation '' 14th int r abbott h garcia-molina conf . on vldb  
kevin stannard p geographer t geography geography 2005.0 
beyond your resume : ' a nurse 's professional '' portfolio '' b brooks s barrett pg zimmermann journal of emergency nursing 1998.0 
improving fault tolerance and supporting partial writes in structured coterie protocols m rabinovich ed lazowska proc . of the acm sigmod  
the sexual assault nurse clinician : '' minneapolis ' 15 years experience . '' le ledray journal of emergency nursing  
obtaining complete answers from incomplete databases c collet m huhns w shen ieee computer  
design metrics in practice ba kitchenham sj linkman information and software technology 1990.0 
the german ideology ed k marx f engels new york : international  
e-commerce database issues and experience a rajaraman   
code complete s mcconnel  1993.0 
exploratory mining and pruning optimizations of constrained association rules [ a ] ng rt vs lakshmanan j han a pang proc . of the 1998 aacm-sigmod int &#39; l conf . on management of & hellip ; 1998.0 
calculation and measurements of transient electromagnetic fields in emp simulators hd brã 1/4 ns d koenigstein & hellip ; on electromagnetic compatability zurich switzerland  
proactive caching of dns records : approaches and algorithms e cohen h kaplan   
holiday inn books client/server m wagner computerworld  
burg : fast optimal instruction selection and tree parsing cw fraser rr henry ta proebsting acm sigplan notices 1992.0 
the virtual journal rc roistacher computer networks  
turning over versus turning away of information systems professionals pcb lee s ang sa slaughter   
a study of psychologic aspects of chronic renal failure . a project report for the ma degree in u bapat  1984.0 
comparative test of solar dryers g michael h bergler m owen-jones g schroder technology demonstration center platforma solar de almeria  
data size optimizations for java programs cs ananian m rinard   
rapide-0 .2 examples a hsieh technical report csltr92510 computer systems lab stanford  
paps -- the public assistance processing system jr david proc . acm urban symposium  
guidelines for designing information visualization applications d carr proceedings of ecue  
the possessor that stayed close to home a munn   
education and training aren â ?? t the same eg mallach computerworld  
a preliminary report on the application of the strength of client feeling scale-revised : measuring s iwakabe a stalikas n gazzola k rogan fourth european congress of psychology athens  
the price of e-payment rl scheier   
the general phonetic characteristics of languages ; final report 1967-1968 . p delattre  1968.0 
improvement of temporal quality of hmd for rotational motion y yanagida m inami s tachi   
exercise-associated hyponatremia in marathon runners : a two-year experience dp davis js videen a marino gm vilke jv journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
london : the stationery office t advertising p act isbn  
metaphorical mapping consistency via dynamic logic programming ja leite fc pereira a cardoso lm pereira   
a maximum likelihood model for topic classification of broadcast news r schwartz t imai f kubala l nguyen j makhoul proc . eurospeech  
obtaining of pest resistant cotton by transforming mediated agrobacterium . new fron-tiers in cotton w wang z zhu cy deng  1998.0 
the vusystem : a programming system for visual processing of digital video c lindblad d wetherall d tennenhouse proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
â ?? parallel demand-driven evaluation of logic networks pe dunne cj gittings ph leng proc . 28th annual allerton conf . on communication control & hellip ;  
software for audiophiles : four music appreciation packages r kendall pc magazine 1993.0 
putting theory to practice and practice to theory hkm baskett vv marsick rm cervero new directions for adult and continuing education 1992.0 
interview n myhrvold pc magazine  
why culture is common but cultural evolution is rare r boyd pj richerson proceedings-british academy 1996.0 
employee participation : diverse forms and different outcomes jl cotton da vollrath kl froggatt ml lengnick - the academy of management review 1988.0 
drosophila p element transposase acts as a transcriptional repressor in vitro pk kaufman dc rio  1990.0 
the '' normality '' of snopesism : universal themes in faulkner 's '' the hamlet '' j gold wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1962.0 
report on l irst international workshop on real-time database systems s son sigmod record 1996.0 
more on family presence during resuscitation c osuagwu journal of emergency nursing 1993.0 
multiresolution terrain database visualization k xu   
estimation of social value from willingness-to-pay data dl mc fadden unpublished manuscript  
software pipeliningof loopswith conditionalbranches '' mgscg lee proc . 29th ann . int &#39; l symp . on  
organizational downsizing h kang  1999.0 
zahlenwerten und funktionen h landolt r bornstein vol . i  
å ?? é ? ³ è ¨ ? è ¯ ä ¿ ? è ¿ ? æ ² '' ç ?? å ® ? ç ? ¨ æ ?? å ?? é '' ? æ?é ¸ # tiger drs seattle washington usa  
joyce 's '' ulysses '' and whitman 's '' self '' : a query d summerhayes wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1963.0 
charles e. campbell andrew eisenberg and jim melton xml schema acm sigmod record  
data base research at berkeley m stonebraker sigmod record 1990.0 
publish/subscribe on the web at extreme speed f oise fabret i rocquencourt f ois llirbat j ao   
design patterns for component-oriented development r karl proceedings of the 25 theuromicro conference ieee  
automatic crowd scene generation j vercher-amiguet electronic imaging  
boundary integral equation analysis for a class of earth-structure interaction problems fj rizzo dj shippy m rezayat final report to  
elvin has left the building : a publish/subscribe notification service with quenching b segall d arnold proceedings of auug97 1997.0 
optimal topology design in wireless personal area networks ma marsan cf chiasserini a nucci d di   
fault tolerance : principles and practice pa lee t anderson  1990.0 
andr . krishnamurthy.â ?? query optimization for parallel executionâ ?? s ganguly w hasan proc . of the 1992 acm sigmod intl. conference on management  
a new methodology for speech corpora definition from internet documents cbjfsl besacier d vaufreydaz m akbar proceedings of the lrec athens greece  
a pattern language for firewalls eb fernandez mm larrondo-petrie n seliya   
'' further critical comments on pascal particularly as a systems programming language '' r conradi acm sigplan notices 1976.0 
multi-annual atmospheric circulation change and climate oscillation in first synoptic region n sidorenkov p svirenko proceedings of hydrometcenter  
a history of mobile communicationsâ ?? 1995 to 2010 p smyth bt technology journal 2000.0 
intel spin-off to aid mass customization j mathew electronic news  
declarative data cleaning : language model h galhardas d florescu d shasha e simon c and algorithms . technical report inria  
a computational argumentation methodology for capturing and analyzing design rationale arising from s sigman xf liu information & software technology 2003.0 
a shader r 1 greenblatt d j. and creelman w. l eds ( 1995 ) drug interactmns rn psychfatry d crraulo   
building e-commerce applications from object-oriented conceptual models o pastor s abrahã # o j fons   
fluxquery : an optimizing xquery processor for streaming xml data c koch s scherzinger n schweikardt b stegmaier proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
the ambiguities of '' clock without hands '' d emerson wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1962.0 
concise papers assbo algorithm ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
gigascope : high performance network monitoring with an sql interface . demonstration c cranor y gao t johnson v shkapenyuk o proc . acm sigmod 2002  
web-site management with tiramisu c anderson   
on-the-fly testing of reactive systems m veanes c campbell w schulte p kohli submitted for  
from informal requirements to agent-based specification b fields m harrison p wright acm sigchi bulletin 1994.0 
nested datalog : a rule language for complex objects q chen g gardarin proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
function definition in higher-order logic k slind lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
the economics of distributed computing . 2003 j gray microsoft  
july 8 1996 just one more click d daniel   
data-driven oneto-one web site generation for data-intensive applications p fraternali s ceri s paraboschi proc . 25th vldb  
gostelow . '' the u-interpreter kp arvind ieee computer  
specifying connections for a universal relation scheme database d maier ds warren proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1982.0 
virtuality as a strategic approach for small and medium sized it companies to stay competitive in a p sieber   
matthew pat hanrahan . wiregl : a scalable graphics system for clusters g humphreys m eldridge i buck g stoll proceedings of acm siggraph  
transosseous osteosynthesis : theoretical and clinical aspects of the regeneration and growth of ga ilizarov  1992.0 
panel : the state-of-the-art in temporal database management : perspectives from the research and j clifford c jensen r snodgrass m bã ¶ hlen h proceedings of the vldb international workshop on temporal & hellip ;  
on avoiding '' psych '' patients e hunt journal of emergency nursing 1993.0 
on fault tolerance and worst-case response time analysis in can n navet yq song proceedings of the 23rd ifac/ifip workshop on real-time & hellip ;  
digitisation of exam papers a hampson s pinfield i upton electronic library 1999.0 
a theory of aspects d walker s zdancewic j ligatti   
transaction restarts in prolog database systems s acharya gn buckley   
current events and the internet : connecting '' headline news '' to perennial issues be larson social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
generalized rate-monotonic scheduling theory : a framework for developing real-time systems l sha r rajkumar ss sathaye proceedings-ieee 1994.0 
aspects cliniques de lâ ?? allergie aux colorants des textiles a pons-guiraud proceedings of the gerda ( groupe dâ ?? etudes et de recherche & hellip ;  
policy politics and emigration : reexamining the mexican experience . ro de la garza g szekely unpublished manuscript  
measurements of mechanical stress drift in ic plastic packages using the piezo-hall effect d manic j petr rs popovic proc . 29th eur . solid-state device  
ecosystem assessment of three peatland sites in northern germany as an environmental education j barkmann s bã ¶ geholz   
'' pale fire '' and the fine art of annotation jo lyons wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
axin an inhibitor of the wnt signalling pathway interacts with - catenin gsk-3 and apc and t nakamura f hamada t ishidate k anai k genes to cells 1998.0 
tolerance of trees to deficiencies of soil aeration g yelenosky proc . int . shade tree conf  
from whence have we come ? the first twenty-five years of educational gerontology r hiemstra new directions for adult and continuing education 1998.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?data networks as cascades : investigating the multifractal nature of internet wan trafficã cents a feldmann ac gilbert w willinger proc . of acm  
tw ( 1996 ) . a communication agreement framework for access/action control m roscheisen technical report stanford  
an efficient feature selection algorithm for classification of gene expression data c campbell y li m tipping   
cultural watersheds : diagramming one 's own experience of culture kj hoelscher social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
efficient multicast flow control using multiple multicast groups gaia.cs.umass.edu   
electroenceph . clin p ellingson neurophysiol. '' i  
md 1995 johnnie e. jones pa vieta sr md  
escape deliverable 4.0 towards a common methodology esprit long term research project 25377 ja hughes a crabtree t rodden isbn  
putting packages to the test m burgess at 1993.0 
gentran : an automatic code generation facility for reduce bl gates   
obtaining progressive protocols for a simple multiversion database model gn buckley a silberschatz vldb 1983.0 
access path selection in a relational database management pg selingerâ ? ¦ proc . of the acm sigmod conference on management of data  
flexibly mapping synchronous groupware architectures to distributed implementations t urnes tcn graham submitted for publication 1999.0 
een boek vol bomen m lozet   
implementing data cubes efficiently . acm sigmod proceedings 1996 and via ftp db v harinarayan r rajaraman jd ullman stanford . edu as  
artdb-95 workshop report m berndtsson j hansson acm sigmod record  
contraction conditions for average and-discounted optimality in countable state markov games with e altman a hordijk fm spieksma submitted to mor  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?catching the boat with strudel : experiences with a web-site management systemã cents â ? ¬ â ? mf fernandez d florescu j kang ay levy d suciu proc . of the acm sigmod  
al-taha richard t. snodgrass michael d. soo bibliography on spatiotemporal databases k khaled acm sigmod record  
object-oriented querrying of existing relational databases da keim hp kriegel a miethsam   
kweelt : more than just â ?? yet another framework to query xml!â ?? sigmod demonstration session a sahuguet   
the effectiveness of the modular technology lab in the mosinee middle school dw masterson  2001.0 
'' hostages '' and cooperation in the prisoner 's dilemma cz qin   
the next generation of uppaal a david g behrmann kg larsen w yi   
ketamine abusers presenting to the emergency department : a case series al weiner l vieira ca mckay jr mj bayer journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
the '' certification '' paradigm h smith b walvoord new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
methemoglobinemia secondary to cleaning solution ingestion l freeman rw wolford journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
when code is content : experiments with a whistling machine m bã ¶ hlen jt rinker proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
a history of system r and sql/data system ra yost proc . very large data bases cannes  
ipo underpricing insider selling and subsequent equity offerings : is underpricing a signal of ja garfinkel   
logic based modeling and analysis of workflows [ a ] d hasan k michael proceedings of the seventeenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart  
coloring that reveals cluster structures in multivariate data s kaski j venna t kohonen & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems  
mccracken : software faces seven major issues . r shoor computerworld. 1981.0 
yasm : yet another software development methodology e skordalakis athens greece : software engineering laboratory national & hellip ;  
cheap bjdd is really acm sigmod record  
nutrition decision tree wm dear y webb isbn  
visual basic . net step by step m halvorson  2002.0 
effective hand degerming in the presence of blood . e larson l bobo journal of emergency medicine 1992.0 
synchrotron radiation applications in mineralogy and petrology : selection of papers ss augustithis  1988.0 
catching the boat with strudel : experiences with a web-site management system d florescu j kang sigmod conference 1998.0 
application of evaporography to imaging of far-infrared radiation patterns g dodel j krautter h haeglsperger & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
a gene that encodes a proline-rich nodulin with limited homology to psenod12 is expressed in the m loner am hirsch submitted for  
world shrimp farming 2000 b rosenberry shrimp news international 2000.0 
scrimshaw : a language for document queries and transformations ds arnon   
virtuosity : programmable resource management for spawning networks at campbell j vicente v dam computer  
helen griffee p geographer t geography geography 2005.0 
understanding client/server computing w fastie pc magazine enterprise computing  
integrating spatial and temporal databases s report   
some findings on the cost of congestion in a retail application of waiting line analysis rd vonriesen barnes jim d. and heflin thomas l. proceedings and  
coarse grained parallel next element search a chan f dehne a rau-chaplin   
using uml for modeling complex real-time systems b selic lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
database of transcription regulatory regions on eukaryotic genomes ov kel ag romachenko ae kel an naumochkin na proc . of the 28th annual hawaii international conference on & hellip ;  
temporal database system implementations mh bohlen acm sigmod record  
implementing total quality management : an overview jr jablonski  1991.0 
the broadband call control demonstratorâ ?? a platform for itu-t davic and tina-c implementations pw reece rm macey pl clarke bt technology journal 1998.0 
cedar : a large scale multiprocessor d gajski d kuck d lawrie a sameh acm sigarch computer architecture news 1983.0 
nonexistence of the first moment of the adjusted least squares estimator in multivariate errors-in - c cheng a kukush  2001.0 
engineering and economics t hart electronic news  
â ?? comments on '' the law of demeter '' and c++ m sakkinen acm sigplan notices 1988.0 
simple rational guidelines for chopping up transactions d shasha e simon p vlduriez proceedings of acm sigmod conference on management of data (  
a correspondence problem in laser guided navigation k astrom proceedings of symposium on image analysis editors d. & hellip ;  
second occurrence focus is prosodically marked d beaver b clark e flemming m wolters unpublished manuscript 2002.0 
the xml forms language [ j ] af kristensen computer networks  
on name generation and set-based analysis in the dolev-yao model rm amadio w charatonik lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
foreword pa simon advances in space research 1984.0 
the structure and reproduction of the algae fe fitsc vol . i.  
a new look at multi-modal modelling dc simmonds j bates ad may proc . 28th european transport conference . london : ptrc  
using the 1930 s ' '' here and now '' curriculum to teach cultural diversity in the ' 90 s. k wellhousen social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
internet telephony m graf  1999.0 
estudo da evoluã § ã # o da produtividade total dos fatores da economia brasileira : 1950-2000 v gomes m lisboa s pessoa unpublished manuscript  
julio and josefina hernandez roger terronez chris hartmire jim drake and fred ross r orendain   
the inscription of difference : news coverage of the conflicts in rwanda and bosnia g myers t klak t koehl   
language language awareness and foreign language learning s papaefthymiou-lytra  1987.0 
multi-view matching for unordered image sets or '' how do i organize my holiday snaps ? '' f schaffalitzky a zisserman lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
licking county ohio probate court record of registrations or corrections of births vol . 1-19 lr dd young   
an nc approximation algorithm for the minimum degree spanning tree problem m furer b raghavachari proc . of the 28th annual allerton conf . on communication & hellip ;  
r. et al. 1994 tsql2 language specification s dgrass acm sigmod  
'' study '' your way to better teaching . m weimer new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0 
title of article c schonenberger jam sondag-huethorst j jorritsma langmuir  
the network measurement system md abrams iw cotton sw watkins r rosenthal de submitted for  
can marriage survive addiction and treatment ? cl hejinian i pittel national drug abuse conference seattle washington april  
virtual data technology a gupta v harinarayan a rajaraman sigmod record 1997.0 
obtaining complete answers form incomplete databases a levy proc . 22nd vldb  
syllable-level desynchronisation of phonetic features for speech recognition k kirchhoff   
the volumepro real-time ray-casting system h pster j hardenbergh j knittel h lauer l proceedings of acm siggraph  
web privacy with p3p 1 stedition at & t lf cranor  2002.0 
toward the bibliographic control of works : derivative bibliographic relationships in an online union gh leazer rp smiraglia proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ; 1996.0 
farmacoterapia cardiovascular i : antisquã © micos cm de norteamã © rica vol i  
production rules in parallel and distributed database environments s ceri j widom proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1992.0 
discourse-pragmatic dynamism in nuu-chah-nulth ( nootka ) morphosyntax t nakayama  1997.0 
the first monthly report of rough rock demonstration school month of july 1966 r roessel  1966.0 
scheduling real-time transactions : a performance evaluation rk abbott h garcia-molina acm transactions on database systems 1992.0 
aggm & tokunaga t me  1995.0 
complete dense stereovision using level set methods o faugeras r keriven lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
standards in practice a eisenberg j melton acm sigmod record 1998.0 
nurse delegation : final report h young s sikma s eyres d ward b strong g & hellip ; paper . university of washington seattle washington  
reply to '' errors in ` process synchronization in database systems ' '' . acms anthology sigmod record 1981.0 
the next framework for logical xquery optimization a deutsch y papakonstantinou y xu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
billsus daniel i webb geoffrey j pazzani michael machine learning for user modelinguser modeling and user - & hellip ;  
a method for obtaining digital signatures and public-key cryptosystems . lcs tm82 rl rivest a shamir l adleman  1977.0 
assessing writing : theory and practice kl greenberg new directions for teaching and learning 1988.0 
a first version of a data flow procedure language project mac technical memorandum 66 j dennis cambridge ma : mit laboratory for computer science may l975 .  
semantic issues in multidatabase systems - preface by the special issue editor ap sheth sigmod record  
an integrated visualization system for surgical planning and guidance using image fusion and dt gering a nabavi r kikinis wel grimson n lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
microbial oxidation of sulphur in saskatchewan soils jj germida jr lawrence v gupta proc int sulphur  
the '' self digest '' : self-knowledge serving self-regulatory functions et higgins journal of personality and social psychology 1996.0 
injection how-to document o aumont jc orr  2000.0 
modelling virtual space in architecture d kurmann m engeli proceedings of acm symposium on virtual reality software and & hellip ;  
hydroponic production of vegetables and ornamentals d savvas h passam  2002.0 
linguist-86 : yet another translator writing system based on attribute grammars r farrow acm sigplan notices 1982.0 
investigating classroom cultures . fw sesow social studies and the young learner 1992.0 
international forum on coating science and technology x chen l wu s zhou b you  2002.0 
editors of protein folding jr winkler hb gray acc . chem . res  
equation-basedbehavioral model generation for nonlinear circuits c borchers l hedrich e barke proc . ieee/acm dac  
elementy informatyki mm syslo t1  
from tree patterns to generalized tree patterns : on efficient evaluation of xquery z chen hv jagadish lvs lakshmanan s paparizos  2003.0 
quontvm communication ik wi msc thesis computer science department the hebrew university  
prescriptions for information systems planning in a turbulent environment h salmela al lederer t reponen   
e. and wong e. ( 1987 ) . query optimization by simulated annealing y ioannidis & hellip ; sigmod international conference on management of data and  
enforced cytokinesis without complete nuclear division in embryonic cells depleting the activity of n akimitsu n adachi h hirai ms hossain h genes to cells 2003.0 
santa barbara papers in linguistics vol . 4 : discourse transcription jw du bois s cumming s schuetze-coburn d university of california santa barbara  
synchronization consideration in multiuser cdma environment w zhaocheng w jing   
academic press n geometry san diego  
exploratory mining and pruning optimizations of constrained associations rules rtnlvs lakshmanan j han a pang proceedings of the acm sigmod-98 1998.0 
self-injurious behaviour : from response to strategy c oliver research to practice  
low income parents and the parentsâ ?? fair share demonstration : an early qualitative look at low - e johnson f doolittle new york : manpower demonstration research corporation june  
on the definition of speedup ( parallel algorithms ) w ertel & hellip ; international parle conference proceedings athens greece & hellip ;  
the starburst long field manager tj lehman bg lindsay vldb 1989.0 
pfleiderer . disclosing information on the internet : is it noise or is it news a admati technical report graduate school of business stanford  
t/ow to assemble tree machines sn bhatt ce lciserson  1984.0 
electronic markets : the roadmap for university libraries and their members to survive in the m christoffel s pulkowski b schmitt p lockemann sigmod record special  
document allocation in multiprocessor information retrieval systems ht siegelmann o frieder lecture notes in computer science 1994.0 
first and second generation greeks in chicago ga kouvetaris  1971.0 
an algorithm for linearly constrained adaptive processing ol frost proceedings of the ieee  
solving the load flow problem using grobner basis a montes j castro acm sigsam bulletin 1995.0 
meshreduction tools sep 1996 r klein j kramer g liebich demonstration at the conference visualization in biomedical  
foreword d lemke highlights of astronomy 1998.0 
taurine as a neuromodulator k kuriyama fed proc 1980.0 
an architectural description of intelligent network features and their interactions kj turner computer networks 1998.0 
simple learning algorithms for training support vector machines c campbell n cristianini unpublished manuscript 1999.0 
method-ism in practice : investigating the relationship between method and understanding in web page ea whitley   
potential for wheat production inalaska . in : fj wooding proc . 28th alaska science conf  
the experience and meta-experience of mood jd mayer yn gaschke journal of personality and social psychology 1988.0 
more visas ? a good move for is h miller computerworld  
special issue on molecular computing m conrad ieee computer  
prosocial development in early adulthood : a longitudinal study n eisenberg ik guthrie a cumberland bc murphy journal of personality and social psychology 2002.0 
a star-shaped ring network with high maintainability jh saltzer kt pogran computer networks 1980.0 
visionary : a next generation visualization system for databases m stonebraker   
preface to the special issue on spatial database systems rh gã 1/4 ting the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
'' according to abramowitz and stegun '' or arccoth need n't be uncouth rm corless   
john hawkes : an interview jj enck j hawkes wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1965.0 
theory and performance of narrow correlator spacing in a gps receiverâ '' proceedings of ion national aj van dierendonck p fenton t ford san diego january  
analysis of distributed db processing strategies r epstein m stonebraker 6th vldb conf. montreal que canada  
cache consfstency and concurrency control fn a client/server dbms archf fecture y wang l rowe proc . acm-sigmod lntematlonaf conference on management of & hellip ;  
qos control for optimality and safety j combaz jc fernandez t lepley j sifakis proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
patterns mechanisms and consequences of recruitment in a temperate marine '' sh mh carr  1991.0 
strategische erfolgspotentiale durch corporate identityâ ?? aufbau und nutzung 1995 t glã ¶ ckler   
case study : mantle convection visualization on the cray t3d js painter hp bunge y livnat proceedings visualization &#39; 96 1996.0 
jl ( 1995 ) the first foul flush in sewer systems sacg bertrand-krajewski proc . int . conf .  
min-cost matchmaker problem in distributed publish/subscribe infrastructures z ge p ji j kurose d towsley   
foreword rc nicol bt technology journal 1999.0 
aspects of the stability and resilience of savanna ecosystems bh walker i noy-meir ecology of tropical savannas 1982.0 
issues in the design of adaptive middleware load balancing o othman dc schmidt   
z special issue : editorial jp bowen mg hinchey information and software technology  
supporting temporal text-containment queries in temporal document databases k nã ¸ rvag   
is uml heading for fragmentation ? in the '' aught-world '' of standards ( 2000 and beyond that is ) r adhikari application development trends 2003.0 
generation of slow inhibitory and excitatory postsynaptic potentials b libet fed proc 1970.0 
accuracy and bias in the perception of the partner in a close relationship da kenny lk acitelli journal of personality and social psychology 2001.0 
rejoinder to '' comments on one-warehouse multiple retailer systems with vehicle routing costs '' s anily a federgruen management science 1991.0 
the adsorption of gases and vapors vol . 1 s brunauer i : physical  
corporate headquarters relocation and changes in metropolitan corporate dominance 1980-1987 sr holloway jo wheeler economic geography 1991.0 
examining committee members c ã?zgen  2005.0 
a model to simulate carbon emission rights trade : purpose and features of the cert model and r kappel p staub eidgenã ¶ ssische technische hochschule zurich switzerland  
a note on coloring random k-sets n alon j spencer unpublished  
statistical analysis of ethernet lan trac at the source level '' w. willinger et al sst high-variability proceedings of acm sigcomm  
'' modeling-by-patterns '' of web applications f garzotto p paolini d bolchini s valenti lecture notes in computer science 1999.0 
modelnet : scalability and accuracy in a largescale network emulator k yocumâ ? ¦ proc acm sigcomm  
reliability aspects of aigaas/gaas hemts c canaliâ ? ¦ proc . 29th annual/fee intâ ?? l reliability physics symp  
effects of a water soluble plasma protein product on weanling pig performance and health with and bs borg jm campbell h koehnk le russell du proceedings of allen d. leman swine conference 1999.0 
patterns of routine antenatal care for low-risk pregnancy j villar g carroli d khan-neelofur g piaggio m cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
disability identity development : an exploratory investigation sk grant  1996.0 
outline of a real-time data-flow language in 1985 real-time symposium jl bergerand p caspi n halbwachs d pilaud e  1985.0 
mining database structure ; or how to build a data quality browser t dasu t johnson s muthukrishnan v shkapenyuk sigmod conference 2002.0 
asymptotic observer design for constrained robot systems hp huang   
declarative specification of web applications exploiting web services and workflows m brambilla s ceri s comai m dario p proc . sigmod 2004.0 
concise papers aac aware ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
exploratory trees for semi-markov processes o intrator proceedings of the 23rd symposium on the interface of & hellip ;  
digest of technical papers of international symposium wa barrow re coovert e dickey cn king c laakso sid seattle washington usa  
implementation of two semantic query optimization techniques in db2 universal database q cheng j gryz f koo tyc leung l liu x qian vldb 1999.0 
c bernstem pa and goodman n '' a sophlstlcate 's introductlon to database normahzatlon theory '' bbg been proc vldb  
c and wong a. generation and search of clustered files sa ltcin acm trans database syst  
replacement tracer agents for the in-place leak testing of adsorbers in nats jr pearsonâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 23rd doe/nrc air cleaning  
ad @ ( dvâµâµ '' j '' rlp @ 6 @ 4 < t < 46zh fjzd4 > 0hâµ '' 20jf < . / 880 < 46z âµ b 4d \ \ '' [ programs of psychosocial c hatzichristou athens greece  
special issue : game engines in scientific research table of contents m lewis j jacobson communications of the acm 2002.0 
survey finds companies lack e-commerce blueprint k melymuka computerworld  
load balancing and data locality in parallel hierarchial n-body methods jp singhâ ? ¦ technical report csl-tr-92-505 stanford university february  
in curriculum as in life the whole is more than the sum of the parts . rg underhill p thompson social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
principles of design automatioon system for very large scale computer design y ohno m miyoshi n yamada t odaka t kozawa k proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
is heads home for the workday m goldberg   
movaid : a mobile robotic system for residential care to disabled and elderly people p dario e guglielmelli c laschi g teti proceedings of the first mobinet symposium athens greece & hellip ;  
lab instructor arthroscopic surgery of the shoulder c faculty san diego  
properties of the tree k-median linear programming relaxation j ward rt wong p lemke a oudjit unpublished manuscript  
md ; barry mandell md ; p. wesley mullen . md ; barry roper . md ; garth stevens . jr wd kiser   
hypermagnesemia-induced fatality following epsom salt gargles rb birrer aj shallash v totten journal of emergency medicine 2002.0 
transformative learning in adult second language learning e foster new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
guest editors note r alt hd zimmermann electronic markets  
oxford university press ; 2004 . 400 pã ¡ gs s amartya   
the dynamics of government regulation and e-commerce development : a comparison of malaysia and n kshetri proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of pacific & hellip ;  
commercial sources for hart crane 's '' the river '' j baker wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1965.0 
systemic intervention : philosophy methodology and practice g midgley   
an interview with vladimir nabokov a appel jr v nabokov wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
catalytic enantioselective michael additions to unsaturated ester derivatives using chiral copper ( da evans mc willis jn johnston acc . chem . res 1999.0 
steps to a smoother lager . j fiderio computerworld. 1988.0 
ssf fingerprint for image authentication : an incidental distortion resistant scheme s tang jt li yd zhang   
princenton university press hs weyl   
jd ullman system/ua database system based on the universal relation assumption hfk kkfgui gm kuper j felgenbaum a van gelder acm tods  
architecture of future data base systems la rowe m stonebraker sigmod record 1981.0 
the darkest journey : celine 's '' death on the installment plan '' j fraser wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
a fast algorithm for training support vector machines j platt technical report microsoft research  
join and semi-join algorithms for a multiprocessor database machine pv vald841 g gardarin acm-tods  
query optimization in the presence of limited access patterns d florescu a levy sigmod conference 1999.0 
dan duchamp . ip-based protocols for mobile internetworking [ a ] j ioannidis proceedings of acm sigcomm  
some surface subgroups survive surgery to appear d cooper d long university of california santa  
the definition and measurement of evaluation quality as a management tool e chelimsky new directions for program evaluation 1983.0 
james wu . a logic for object-oriented logic programming ( maierâ ?? s o-logic : revisited ) m kifer proc . of the acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium on & hellip ;  
actual versus assumed differences in construal : '' naive realism '' in intergroup perception and rj robinson d keltner a ward l ross journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
presence and task performance : a registry centered approach . technical sketch k mania a chalmers t trosianko r hawkes proceedings of acm siggraph conference  
nunamiut ethnoarchaeology : academic press lr binford san diego  
supporting mobility in content-based publish/subscribe middleware l fiege fc gartner o kasten a zeidler lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
distributed power balancing with limited control data flow kh lam ws wong submitted for  
moving formal methods into practice : the vfsm experience ar flora-holmquist mg staskauskas submitted for  
a hierarchical bayes approach to variable selection for generalized linear models x wang ei george   
functional implementations of continuous modeled animation ( expanded version ) c elliott   
lessons from a '' living in a database '' graphical query interface d fogg proceedings of the 1984 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1984.0 
igra 0 elperin t editors . handbook of shock waves : theoretical experimental and numerical g ben-dor san diego : academic  
articulating the experience of transparency : an example of field research techniques ka holtzblatt s jones m good acm sigchi bulletin 1988.0 
ammar andellenw . zegura inter-receiverfairness : a novel performance measure for multicast abr mh tianjijiang proceedings of acm  
re mm abdel-mottaleb pcm grim fc de schryver c. meiners m. sieffert s. valiyaveettil k. s de feyter a gesquiere acc . chem . res  
å ?? é ? ³ è ¨ ? è ¯ ç ?? ç ?? ç ?? è § # å ?? æ?ºç ?? é '' ? æ?é ¸ # washington : tiger drs seattle  
the lie algebraic interpretation of the complete integrability of the rosochatius system in t ratiu aip conference procs  
vacuum ultraviolet spectroscopy iiacademic press jar samson dl ederer san diego  
news video classification based on semantic attributes of captions i ide r hamada h tanaka s sakai proc . 6th acm international conference  
comparison of transient ehl calculations with start-up experiments mja holmes hp evans rw snidle proc . 29th leeds-lyon symposium on tribology elseviers & hellip ;  
s. and nachmens s. '' cs4 -- a tool for database design by infological simulation '' b berild acm trans database syst . ( to be  
implementing xquery using tax hv jagadishâ ? ¦ tech . report u. michigan . june 2003 . in  
yet another multicast ( yam ) routing protocol : specification version 1 k carlberg j crowcroft unpublished manuscript  
academic press jd schmahmann j doyon aw toga m petrides ac san diego  
fortifying the '' fortress '' : immigration and politics in the european union rk jain international studies-bombay then new delhi - 1997.0 
assessment in the geography curriculum r daugherty geography  
source acm sigmod record archive a eisenberg acm sigmod record 2001.0 
. s. and tanca l. 1992a . automatic generation of production rules for integrity maintenance s ceri tech rep. 92-054 pohtecmco dl milano dlpartlmento di  
remarks in response to : '' issues in distributed data base management systems : a technical overview '' j rothnie conf . on vldb proceedings supplement : panelists &#39; statements & hellip ;  
bikini-user adaptive news classification in the world web web s eilert a mentrup me mueller r rolf cr & hellip ; of the um2001 workshop on machine learning for user modeling  
tioga : providing data management support for visualization applications '' in m stonebrakerâ ? ¦ proceedings of vldb  
the east african mangrove trade s rawlins unpublished manuscript  
devs-doc : a co-design modeling and simulation environment hs sarjoughian bp zeigler dr hild ieee computer  
kut : informal rotating credit in malaysia s ghazali area  
dallas to break ground for first dp trade center . b laberis computerworld. 1981.0 
stdoe/nrc nuclear air cleaning conference fj herrmann v motoi b herrmann a sctloor d san diego  
a heartbeat mechanism and its application in gigascope t johnson s muthukrishnan v shkapenyuk o   
database research at the ibm almaden research center lm haas pg selinger sigmod record 1991.0 
a primal-dual approximation algorithm for generalized steiner problems d williamson mx goemans m mihail vv vazirani proceedings of the 25 thannual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ;  
infrared is blazing hot in pc parts design c bournellis electronic news  
programming challenges : the programming contest training manual ss skiena ma revilla acm sigact news 2003.0 
admission control and resource reservation for session-based applications in next generation m cuevas bt technology journal 2005.0 
fast timing simulation for submicron hot-carrier degradation w sun e rosenbaum sm kang time  
on the speedup required for combined input and output queued switching computer systems lab b prabhakar n mckeown technical report csl-tr-97-738 stanford university  
learning to select good title words : an new approach based on reverse information retrieval r jin ag hauptmann   
issues in the transmission of monetary policy sn brissimis ns magginas gt simigiannis gs greeceâ ?? s economic performance and prospects '' athens . say & hellip ;  
bgp-ct : a first step towards fast internet fail-over m musuvathi s venkatachary r wattenhofer c  2000.0 
kings in the back row : meaning through structure . a reading of salinger 's '' the catcher in the rye '' cf strauch wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1961.0 
making database systems fast enough for cad applications d maier acm press frontier series 1989.0 
how important are '' entry effects '' in financial incentive programs for welfare recipients ? : de card pk robins   
enhanced spot noise for vector field visualization wc de leeuw jj van wijk proceedings visualization 1995.0 
how to teach pivotal behaviors to children with autism : a training manual rl koegel a good l cerniglia c murphy lk   
patterns for application firewalls n delessy-gassant eb fernandez s rajput mm procs . of plop  
us firms look north for outsourcing help j viyayan computerworld  
anad rajaraman . implementing data cubes efficiently v harinarayan   
connections between lighting impressions and presence in real and virtual environments k mania proceedings acm afrigraph  
engineering practice and codevelopment of product prototypes wl anderson wt crocca   
embracing change with extreme programming k beck   
what makes a good co-evolutionary learning environment ad blair jb pollack & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems 1997.0 
recent progress in understanding minimax search df beal proceedings of acm annual  
front-runner '' oa system aids white house staff . m betts computerworld. 1984.0 
visualization reference models ( panel position statement ) d bergeron proceedings of ieee visualization gm nielson and d. & hellip ;  
work-load balancing in highly parallel depth-firstsearch a reinefeld   
foreword m reeve bt technology journal 2002.0 
a diffusion problem in which the amount of diffusing substance is finite ah wilson phil . mag  
preface for special section on integrated cognitive architectures je laird acm sigart bulletin 1991.0 
aspects of the ecological impact of chondrus crispus ( florideophyceae ) harvesting in eastern canada jd pringle proc . int . seaweed symp  
visual data mining tutorial da keim international conference on very large databases  
marttin ( 2001 ) floods fish and fishermen . eight yearsâ ?? experience with floodplain fisheries in gj de graaf af born amk uddin   
dislocation multiplication mechanism operating close to a surface o lohne o rustad phil mag 1972.0 
mathematical framework of cone beam 3d reconstruction via the first derivative of the radon p grangeat mathematical methods in tomography 1991.0 
evidence supporting a university experience courseâ ?? s efficacy at a metropolitan university and t micceri e wajeeh  1999.0 
regional patch dynamics of a common weed species s eber r brandl   
choosing translator at view definition time am keller proceedings of the twelfth vldb  
first version of a data flow procedure language . tech . memo tm-61 j dennis  1975.0 
analysis of video conferencing on a token ring local area network sm crimmins proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ; 1993.0 
practitioners ' views on the use of formal methods : an industrial survey by structured interview c snook r harrison   
the los angeles jobs-first gain evaluation : final report on a work first program in a major urban s freedmanâ ? ¦   
chapter 1-encouraging the growth of e-commerce i revenue  1998.0 
from tree patterns to generalized tree patterns : on efficient evaluation of xquery zchvjlvs lakshmanan s paparizos proceedings of the 29th very large data base conference  
optimising selection of units from speech databases for concatenative synthesis aw black n campbell   
indoles academic press rj sundberg san diego  
'' ca n't we settle this ? '' student conflicts in higher education and options for resolution j gibson new directions for higher education 1995.0 
appropriate technology for developing countries n riedijk at news 1982.0 
an analysis of the chemical batch production problem and a detailed methodology for scheduling r matthew lispe technical report department of chemical engineering  
arvind and de culler . the price of parallelism . computation structures group memo 278 k ekanadham  1987.0 
data quality review for med pol : nineteen years of progress ld mee m horvat jp villeneuve unep athens ( greece ) . 1994. 1994.0 
tumors and tumorlike lesions of bone and joints f schajowicz  1981.0 
images of man : '' le malentendu '' and '' en attendant godot '' nc chase wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1966.0 
purdy 's '' malcolm '' : a unique vision of radical emptiness tm lorch wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1965.0 
newlearning modes in the production of presenceâ ?? distance techniques for education h sponberg c knudsen l handberg d-2001 proceedings dã 1/4 sseldorf  
notes on distributed databases-chapter i b lindsayâ ? ¦ tech . rep. rj2571 ibm almaden research lab  
web modeling language ( webml ) : a modeling language for designing web sites s ceri p fraternali a bongio www9 / computer networks 2000.0 
regional trade agreements for mercosur : the ftaa and the fta with the european union j monteagudo m watanuki unpublished  
cloud dynamic academic press ra houze jr  1993.0 
quantum learning : teaching as dialogue j vella new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
schema-free xquery y li c yu hv jagadish proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
cross-appalachian tracer experiment ( captex 83 ) . final report noaa technical memo . erl arl-142 air gj ferber jl heffter rr draxler rj lagomarsino md  
synthesis of kinematic and thermodynamic fields at cloud base from systematic thunderstorm inflow jc fankhauser conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland & hellip ; 1984.0 
athresholdof ln n for approximatingsetcover '' u feige proc . 28th acm symp . on theory of computing philadelphia & hellip ;  
the them ' y of relatzonal databases computer science press rockville d maier md  
temporal logic n rescher a urquhart  1971.0 
an informal approach to formal specifications al furtado sigmod record 1984.0 
workshop report : the first international workshop on active and real-time database systems m berndtsson j hansson sigmod record  
indonesiaâ ?? s experience of sequencing financial liberalization js djwondono unpublished manuscript  
third-order corrections to the slc final focus n walker   
the design of postgres procs m stonebraker l rowe acm sigmod ( washington dc may  
descent and marriage reconsidered f barth see ref  
chamberlin d d. lorie ra and price tg 1979 . access path selection in a relational database pg selinger mm astrahan proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
in handbook of marine science fgw smith vol . i. crc  
implementing data cubes e-ciently v harinarayan a rajaraman jd ullman proceedings of the fifteenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ;  
study circles : individual growth through collaborative learning . lp oliver new directions for adult and continuing education 1992.0 
changes in tree canopy on fanno creek : d gervais s mullinax s shirley geography 2002.0 
dos-resistant authentication with client puzzles t aura p nikander j leiwo lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
eps-2003-031-org t van willigenburg   
the impact of human resource management on organizational performance : progress and prospects b becker b gerhart the academy of management journal 1996.0 
browser helper objects : the browser the way you want it d esposito microsoft corporation  
degradable airline scheduling l kang j clarke  2003.0 
effects on solute transport and plant constituents fm ashton de bayer see ref  
special issue on carbon nanotubes rc haddon acc . chem . res  
stdlâ ?? a portable transaction definition language pa bernstein p gyllstrom t wimberg 1993 international conference on very large data bases ( & hellip ;  
very recently an important book has discussed '' adversarial legalism '' something similar to my idea det alexis ina democracy  1956.0 
lock and muirhead f cameriniâ ? ¦ phil . mag  
effects of variation in soil heating during fire on patterns of plant establishment and regrowth in dc odion  1995.0 
the scramble for africa t pakenham  1992.0 
professional development for web-based teaching : overcoming innocence and resistance gm gallant new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
the postsynaptic spectrin/4 .1 membrane protein '' accumulation machine '' aj baines l keating gw phillips c scott   
gauge theories as a problem of constructive quantum field theory and statistical mechanics e seiler  1982.0 
d. schneider '' a performance analysis of the gamma database machine '' d dewitt s ghandeharizadeh proceedings of the acm-sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
dimension-exchange algorithms for load balancing on trees me houle a symvonis dr wood   
things i have seen and heard : an interview for young children about exposure to violence je richters p martinez unpublished manuscript  
the modelexplainer b lavoie o rambow e reiter demonstration presented at the eighth international workshop & hellip ;  
motorcycle accident cause factors and identification of countermeasures hh hurt jv ouellet dr thom vol . i technical  
residency-trained emergency physicians : their demographics practice evolution and attrition from kn hall ma wakeman journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
editorsâ ?? notes l yorks e kasl new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
another look at a model for evaluating interface aesthetics dcl ngo jg byrne   
sql multimedia and application packages ( sql/mm ) j melton sigmod record 2001.0 
an overview of evolutionary algorithms : practical issues and common pitfalls ld whitley   
designing secure web-based applications for microsoft windows 2000 m howard m levy r waymire  2000.0 
standards of practice rm dawes scientific standards of psychological practice : issues and & hellip ;  
repeated sputum inductions induce a transient neutrophilic and eosinophilic response h van der vaart ds postma w timens hf kauffman  2004.0 
liberal learning in engineering education : the wpi experience . knowing and doing : learning through wr grogan fc lutz le schachterle new directions for teaching and learning  
dynamic video summarization and visualization n jeho ht ahmed proc . of acm multimedia  
investigating the capture integration and access problem of ubiquitous computing in an educational gd abowd cg atkeson j brotherton t enqvist p   
07632 usa 1995 nj cliffs   
assembly planning in a virtual environment rg dewarâ ? ¦   
db2 common server : technology progress & directions b lindsay proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1995.0 
catc hingthe boat with strudel : experiences with aw eb-sitemanagement system m fernandez d florescu j kang a levy proceedings of  
electronic market : the roadmap for university libraries and members to survive in the information m christoffel s pulkowski b schmitt pc acm sigmod record 1998.0 
patents in e-commerce s alexander computerworld  
drug use patterns among high school athletes and nonathletes ah naylor d gardner l zaichkowsky adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 
anomalous behavior of the upper critical field in extreme type-ii superconductors at low s dukan o vafek   
load balancing and data locality in parallel hierarchical n-body simulation jp singh c holt t totsuka a gupta jl hermessy technical report csl-tr-92-505 stanford university february  
a '' key '' to lawrence durrell aw friedman wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
percutaneous transluminal angioplasty and stenting for carotid artery stenosis f crawley mm brown cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
cerebrospinal fluid da jerrard jr hanna gl schindelheim journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
regression diagnostics : identifying influential data and sources of collinearity da belsley e kuh re welsch   
designer drugs '' - a current perspective . da jerrard journal of emergency medicine 1990.0 
'' economic comparisons of data communication services hc ratz ja field computer  
processing star queries on hierarchically-clustered fact tables n karayannidis a tsois tk sellis r pieringer v vldb 2002.0 
microsoft application center 2000 component load balancing technologie overview c rees microsoft september  
disrupting the '' quotidian '' : reconceptualizing the relationship between breakdown and the the da snow dm cress l downey aw jones mobilization-san diego - 1998.0 
secure xml publishing without information leakage in the presence of data inference x yang c li proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;  
proteomic patterns of cultured breast cancer cells and epithelial mammary cells i pucci-minafra s fontana p cancemi g alaimo s annals-new york academy of sciences 2002.0 
the architecture of a uml virtual machine d riehle s fraleigh d bucka-lassen n omorogbe   
assessment instrument training b bogue  1999.0 
foreword gl stephens journal of geophysical research 1988.0 
monitoring the vernal advancement of natural vegetation.-nasa / gsfc final report greenbelt jw rouse rh hass ja schell dw deering jc md  
distinguished database profiles : interview with jim gray m winslett sigmod record  
biocoenotic process patterns in the german bight w greve f reiners   
what is beautiful is good k dion e berscheid e walster journal of personality and social psychology 1972.0 
trust in close relationships jk rempel jg holmes mp zanna journal of personality and social psychology  
higher education and the path to progress . rh atwell new directions for higher education 1994.0 
magnet : supporting navigation in semistructured data environments v sinha dr karger   
quality through people : a blueprint for proactive total quality management j choppin  1991.0 
structural clinical interview for dsm-iiir new york psychiatric institute r spitzer jb williams m gibbon new york  
on the computation of tc of relational operators y ioannidis proc . of 12th vldb conf  
aging on parisi 's tree p. 265 jp bouchaud ds dean journal de physique i 1995.0 
'' a wonderfully terrible place to be '' : learning in practitioner inquiry communities . sl lytle new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
advanced meta-search of news in the web r tous j delgado   
standards in practice . acms anthology sigmod record 1998.0 
oeuvres vol e laguerre i '' paris  
foreword i dufour bt technology journal 2000.0 
academic press ga robinson ha crissman san diego  
on the resistivity transient in a quenched aluminum-indium alloy b roebuck km entwistle phil . mag. 1972.0 
mills . the fuzzball l david proc . acm sigcomm conference ( sigcommâ ?? 88 )  
the promise of entrepreneurship as a field of research s shane s venkataraman academy of management review 2000.0 
cost-based labeling of groups of spectra l chen z huang r ramakrishnan proc . acm-sigmod  
the problem of coulombic forces in computer simulations the problem of long-range forces in the jp valleau ed . d. ceperley nrcc workshop proceedings  
making learning communities work : issues of implementation and sustainability f gabelnick j macgregor r matthews bl smith new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0 
andm . pease . the byzantine generalsproblem l lamport r shostak proc . acm toplas  
the presence and absence of giardia lamblia in studies on parasite prevalence in the usa gr healy see ref  
role modelsâ ?? patterns of agent system analysis and design ea kendall bt technology journal 1999.0 
focusing of charged particles ( academic new york 1967 ) a septier vol .  
mpeg-4 based real-time shadows h drumm proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
biomineralization : cell biology and mineral deposition : academic press k simkiss km wilbur san diego  
paula richardson p geographer t geography geography 2005.0 
foreword e braunwald   
the changes of 27-day variation in cosmic rays and geomagnetic activity a michaelâ ? ¦ proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf salt lake city  
how respiratory rhythm originates : evidence from discharge patterns of brainstem respiratory mi cohen see reference  
multiprocessor implementations of message passing systems rh halstead cambridge laboratory for computer science at mit  
selectivity estimation in spatial databases s achaya v poosala s ramaswamy proc . acm sigmod intâ ?? l conf . management of data  
ecological aspects of combustion p horbaj   
directions of development of the cadastral system in poland a hopfer w wilkowski second international conference on land management  
common features of simulation based scheduling fp wyman   
practical programmer a sociopolitical look at open source rl glass communications-acm 2003.0 
economics and scalability of qos solutions abd reid bt technology journal 2005.0 
total variance : a progress report on a new frequency stability characterization da howe ca greenhall   
special issue on real-time database systems m eich acm sigmod record 1988.0 
listeners as co-narrators jb bavelas l coates t johnson journal of personality and social psychology 2000.0 
microwave dielectric properties of bao-tio2-wo3 ceramics sintering with glasses [ a ] . 1995 ieee mtt-s t takada sf wang sj jangâ ? ¦ seattle washington  
publish/subscribe in nonstop sql : transactional streams in a relational context m hanlon j klein r van der linden h zeller data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
window on the world d maier proc . acm sigmod  
replicated document management in a group communication system s beckhardt t halvorsen i greif   
data quality and data cleaning : an overview t johnson t dasu   
db2/xml : designing for evolution k beyer f ã?zcan s saiprasad b van der linden proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
a distributed real-time architecture skg harts ieee computer  
richard . ifo : a formal semantic database model s abiteboul r hull acm transactions on database systems  
energy feedback systems at kekb injector linac k furukawa a enomoto n kamikubota t kamitani y   
understanding and using action research in practice settings gw kuhne ba quigley new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
terrestrial vertebrates as indicators of mesozoic climates jh ostrom proceedings of the north american paleontological convention & hellip ;  
foreword cm earnshaw bt technology journal 1998.0 
academic press h osteology san diego  
sql : 2003 has been published a eisenberg j melton k kulkarni acm sigmod record 2004.0 
temporal connectives versus explicit timestamps in temporal query languages ( preliminary report ) s abiteboul l herr j van den bussche & hellip ; workshop of temporal databases zurich switzerland & hellip ;  
an efficient implementation of boolean functions and finite state machines as self-timed circuits i david r ginosar   
fast algorithm to find frequent item . sets for mining of association rules xp du k kaneko a makinouchi proc . int conf info society in the 21st century : emerging & hellip ;  
multilingual newspaper clippings image database ( poster ) ssy tsang proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
allocation of risk capital in financial institutions f saita financial management 1999.0 
antibiotics for persistent nasal discharge ( rhinosinusitis ) in children ( cochrane review ) p morris a leach cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
et ai . exploratory mining and pruning optimizations of constrained associations rules nrl lvs j han  1998.0 
computer graphics prentice-hall d hearn mp baker   
fire your broker l david pc magazine new york  
mã © thodes et outils pour la gestion des connaissancesâ '' dunod paris 2000 r dieng o corby a giboin j golebiowska n matta   
one { two { tree ( s ) and sylow subgroups of sn m abert p diaconis technical report department of mathematics stanford university  
speech-based and video-supported indexing of multimedia broadcast news y hayashi k ohtsuki k bessho o mizuno y matsuo   
a. ( 2000 ) mediacups : experience with design and use of computer-augmented everyday objects mg beigl s hw computer  
usability engineering . 1993 : academic press j nielsen san  
reminiscences on influential papers e bertino acm transactions on database systems 1976.0 
the h ^ + - pumping v-atpase of higher plants : a versatile '' ecoenzyme '' in response to environmental u luttge e fischer-schliebs r ratajczak cellular and molecular biology letters 2001.0 
implementing data cubes efficiently . a flfll version of lhis paper . at http://db v harinarayan a rajaraman jd ullman stanford . edu/pllb/harinarayan / 1995/cub e.  
kikuchi patterns in high voltage electron microscopy le thomas phil . mag. 1972.0 
landfill liner case studies presentation at '' sanitary landfill design '' course d daniel university of wisconsin  
attachment styles and patterns of self-disclosure m mikulincer o nachshon journal of personality and social psychology  
michael j. miller and bill gates : uncut mj miller pc magazine  
improving customer experience using web services t stevens a may bt technology journal 2004.0 
distributional patterns of lepidoptera in the pacific islands e munroe see ref  
chemistry of ice surfaces . elementary reaction steps on ice studied by reactive ion scattering . h kang acc . chem . res 2005.0 
the death of programming languages the birth of intentional programming c simonyi technical report microsoft inc. sept. 1995 . available from  
â ?? using multicast fec to solve the midnight madness problemâ ?? microsoft corporation redmond wa e schooler j gemmell  1997.0 
retention and measurement of iodine-129 and of organoiodine in the off-gas streams of the karlsruhe fj herrmann v motoi b herrmann a van schoor d san diego  
how to facilitate information navigation without disrupting perception cs campbell pp maglio manuscript submitted for publication . ibm almaden research & hellip ;  
planning as model checking f giunchiglia p traverso lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
document reuse and document systems dm levy   
absorption : nature assessment and correlates sm roche km mcconkey journal of personality and social psychology  
hydroinformaticsâ ?? 94 a verwey aw minns v babovic c maksimovic isbn  
joins : evaluation and reduction to sql mo akinde mh bã ¶ hlen md generalized proceedings of the vldb 2001 international workshop on  
technology trends for the bell system network : interview with john s. mayo jh ten eyck computerworld 1981.0 
medical methods for first trimester abortion r kulier am gulmezoglu gj hofmeyr ln cheng a cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
building systems using analysis patterns eb fernandez   
and 4 ( cd-rom c2001 by intellectual reserve inc. ) '' us census l county d kentucky   
virtual classrooms and communities l neal proceedings of the international acm siggroup conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
foreword t king bt technology journal 1998.0 
overview of the constrained expression design language lk dillon  1986.0 
mining database structure ; or how to build a data quality browser t johnson s muthukrishnan p dasu v shkapenyuk proc . of acm sigmod to appear  
capacities to globalize : why are some countries more globalized than others ? t addison a rahman unpublished manuscript  
jobstart : final report on a program for high school dropouts g cave h bos f doolittle c toussaint new york : manpower demonstration research corp  
honoring first ladies . pull-out feature i. at harthern social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
harvard university press c gilligan   
a spirited epistemology : honoring the adult learner as subject j vella new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
marion hercock and matthew tonts p geographer t geography geography 2005.0 
catching the wave in einstein equations j goldman t roy j masso e seidel s splashes vroom demonstration at  
mr. bloom and mr. joyce : a note on '' heroism '' in '' ulysses '' re kuehn wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1963.0 
k. wilkinson '' overview of the jasmin database machine '' dh fishman my lai proceedings of the 1984 sigmod conference boston ma june  
the perspective of the us trade representative m kantor us department of labor bureau of international labor & hellip ;  
jobstart : final report on a program from school dropouts g caveâ ? ¦  1993.0 
regulatory aspects of phenylpropanoid biosynthesis in cell cultures k hahlbrock see ref  
flora i vegetaciã ³ de les valls dâ ? cents espot i de boã e carrillo jm ninot vol . i  
cerebrospinal fluid fistula : the identification and management in pediatric temporal bone fractures . w mcguirt s stool journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
on optimal graphs embedded into path and rings with analysis using l1-spheres y dinitz m feighelstein s zaks proceedings of the 23rd international workshop on graph - & hellip ; 1997.0 
supporting display generation for complex database objects bb flynn d maier sigmod record 1992.0 
evaluation of automatic generation of prosody with a superposition model y morlec v aubergã © g bailly   
selling in the era of the '' net '' integration of electronic commerce in small firms wj kettinger g hackbarth   
common directions toward improvement . ec galambos new directions for teaching and learning 1986.0 
issues for the generation of document deixis i paraboni   
scholarly work and professional practice re rice l richlin new directions for teaching and learning 1993.0 
final height in girls with untreated constitutional delay in growth and puberty ec crowne sm shalet whb wallace dm eminson da european journal of pediatrics 1991.0 
contextmetrics/sup/spl trade / / : semantic and syntactic interoperability in cross-border trading c jovellanos data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
cervicofacial and mediastinal emphysema as the result of a dental procedure sc karras jj sexton journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
bg lindsay on maintainingpriorities in a production rule system r agrawal rj cochrane proc . of 17th vldb barcelona  
patterns in strategy formation h mintzberg management science 1978.0 
the mendola report : a new look at gay couples m mendola  1980.0 
correlationa dn interpolation networks for real-time expression analysis/synthesis t darrell i essa a pentland perceptual computing technical report 284 massachusetts  
new strain measurement technology for material damage assessment ld thompson bd westermo proc .  
l. and stonebraker m. â ?? the postgres data model â ?? r rowe proc 1987 vldb conference bnghton england sept  
entire majorants and euler-maclaurin summation f littmann   
industries itt df_cd dragonfly companion informal correspondence demonstration & hellip ;  
home-grown progress : the evolution of innovative school-to-work programs ra pedraza e pauly h kopp  1997.0 
the moral limits of the criminal law . vol . 3 j feinberg offense  
'' the lord of the rings '' : the novel as traditional romance gh thomson wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
transient bitflip injection in microprocessor embedded applications r velazco s rezgui   
ground water ecology acad j gibert dl danielopol ja stanford press san diego  
minority governments : ideology and office t kalandrakis unpublished manuscript 2003.0 
symbolic racism versus racial threats to the good life dr kinder do sears journal of personality and social psychology 1981.0 
towards automating of document structure transformations m penttonen e kuikka p leinonen proc . acm symposium on document engineering  
foreword p cochrane bt technology journal 2000.0 
wind energy handbook b tony s david j nick b ervin   
games with incomplete information played by '' bayesian '' players i-iii . part ii . bayesian equilibrium jc harsanyi management science 1968.0 
two papers on schemas and frames ma arbib & hellip ; of massachusetts coins technical report 75c-9 amherst  
parent practices interview c webster-stratton  1995.0 
multivariate versus univariate decision tree ( technical report 92-8 ) ce brodley pe utgoff technical report university of massachusetts at amherst  
'' our best classes are life classes '' : the real world and the college classroom . pg beidlerâ ? ¦ new directions for teaching and learning 1986.0 
'' dirty little cases '' : academic freedom governance and professionalism . s slaughter new directions for higher education 1994.0 
aspects of the migrational phenomena in greece : the case of the prefecture of attica k mavreas the public opinion in greece researches-surveys athens : & hellip ;  
amdahl unleashes ibm 3725 rival . j beeler computerworld. 1983.0 
one-to-one web site generation for data-intensive applications fp cs proceedings of the 25th international conference on very  
automatic generation of procedure rules for integrity maintenance s ceri p fraternali s paraboschi l tanca acm transactions on database systems ( tods )  
exploratory mining and pruning optimizations of constrained associations rules tn raymond lvs lakshmanan j han a pang proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
more than just a pretty face c petzold pc magazine  
reasoning about functional dependencies generalized for semantic data models acm tans g weddell database syst  
analysis of the spatial dynamics of fission product emission from vvã?r fuel elements in transient vm romanov dv pankratov lm luzanova pd at . energ  
kruglinski scot wingo george shepherd . programming microsoft visual c++ fifth edition j david  1998.0 
maria cancian eds . 2001 dr meyer w-2 child support demonstration evaluation phase 1 final  
persistent organochlorine pollutants and elements determined in tissues of rough-toothed dolphins ( jr kucklick pr becker wdj struntz ea mackey bj md  
the video window system in informal commu nications . [ c ] proc bl chalfonte proc . acm cscw  
antibodies to htlv-iii in german blood donors j schneider h bayer u bienzle p wernet g lancet i 1985.0 
the epidemiologic approach to investigating outdoor air pollution jm samet jjk jaakkola see ref  
fault-tolerance - the survival attribute of digital systems a avizienis ieee proceedings 1978.0 
language as a factor affecting follow-up compliance from the emergency department er enguidanos p rosen journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
pspace ( n ) is closed under complement '' s toda submitted for publication  
soil nitrogen changes in farming systems in the humid tropics wv bartholomew see ref  
economic impact analysis of final integrated iron and steel neshap f report   
diverticular abscess presenting as prostate abscess and missed by abdominal ct scan rg slater journal of emergency medicine 2002.0 
access path selection 111 a relational database management system pg sehnger mm astrahan dd chamberhn ra lone tg prcceedmgs of 1979 acm sigmod conference ( june  
towards a common api for structured peer-to-peer overlays f dabek b zhao p druschel j kubiatowicz i lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
kadmos and the possibility of a semitic presence in helladic greece jc billigmeier  1976.0 
software requirement definition and data models cdserv4.inria.fr   
ochratoxin a production by aspergillus ochraceus e mã 1/4 hlencoert d der naturwissenschaften   
the incidence and prevalence of congestive heart failure in rochester minnesota rj rodeheffer sj jacobsen bj gersh te kottke mayo clinic proceedings 1993.0 
distributed computing systems ( guest editors ' introduction ) m singhal tl casavant ieee computer  
development of a solid rocket propellant nonlinear viscoelastic constitutive theory rj farris ra schapery vol . i  
ribeiro-dos-santos r m henriques mm monteiro c vanni c pirmez m   
the workshop through new eyes ja fleming new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
two patterns for web services security eb fernandez   
an extended attribute grammar for pascal da watt acm sigplan notices 1979.0 
virtual environment for on-campus orientation r larmore m knaus s dascalu   
monadic encapsulation in ml . in the acm sigplan international conference on functional programming ( m semmelroth a sabry acm press new  
incompleteinformation and dependencies in relational databases '' tiw lipski proc . acm sigmod int . conf . management of data san jose ca & hellip ;  
determinants of interorganizational relationships : integration and future directions c oliver the academy of management review 1990.0 
whitesides. gm ( 1995 ) a kumar n abbott e kim h biebuyck acc . chem .  
sl '' toward a universal relation interface '' pros o osborn  1979.0 
for the macro collaboration d michael proc . 29th int . conf . high energy  
designing an atm switch for extreme reliability a hermelee g mcelvany computer networks 1999.0 
gratings in theory and practice ha rowland phil . mag  
on the scalability of fair queueing a kortebi l muscariello s oueslati j roberts   
the cotton mills of india 1854-1954 . sd metha  1954.0 
the ibm icecube/lars project c fleiner dr kenchammana-hosekote oa zaki r tech . report rj 10292 ibm almaden research center and ibm  
vol n york i  
colored juggling patterns and weighted rook placements r ehrenborg j haglund m readdy unpublished  
an organizational perspective for the effective practice of assessment gr sell new directions for higher education 1989.0 
structured multimedia document classification l denoyer jn vittaut s brunessaux s brunessaux   
trust : the panacea of virtual management ds staples p ratnasingham   
prospects of trade and investment in india and china a sarma international studies-bombay then new delhi - 2002.0 
co-authors 1994 '' kc partington a demonstration system for monitoring sea ice from spaceâ ?? & hellip ;  
load and traffic balancing in large scale cache meshes c grimm js voeckler h pralle computer networks 1998.0 
project provides elderly with links to internet m blodgett computerworld  
lens-fed multiple beam arrays d archer electronic progress 1974.0 
banuozden and avi silberschatz.â ?? resourceschedulingin enhancedpay-per-view continuousmedia mn garofalakis proceedings of the 23rd international conferenceon very  
special issue on inducive logic programming rc holte l de raedt cd page s wrobel machine learning 2001.0 
mafiaâ ?? an active mail-filter-agent for an intelligent document processing support e lutz hv kleist-retzow k hoernig acm sigois bulletin 1990.0 
a query language for a web-site a levy d suciu sigmod record 1997.0 
in situ studies of spore production and dispersal in the giant kelp ek anderson wj north macrocystis . proc . int . seaweed . symp  
simulating an instructible interface : the tuny experience d maulsby  1993.0 
technical overview of the common language runtime ( or why the jvm is not my favorite execution e meijer j miller   
comments on '' social structures and mental disorders : competing hypotheses of explanation '' by hw em gruenberg see ref  
seamless integration of time into sql mh bohlen cs jensen submitted to acm transactions on database systems december 1996.0 
summary of the symposium '' smoking in focus '' on april 29/30th 1976 p isenring zurich/switzerland . zurich : gottlieb duttweiler-institute  
specific sexual fantasy themes : a multidimensional study wb arndt jc foehl fe good journal of personality and social psychology  
a guide through the vatican caves : a study of the structure of '' les caves du vatican '' ma geracht wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1965.0 
lightning induced voltages on distribution lines close to buildings a piantini jm janiszewski proceedings of the 25 thinternational conference on  
escrow '' hostages '' and cooperation cz qin   
self-assembled monolayers of thiols thin films vol . 24 a ulman san diego : academic  
hmm speech recognition using polyphone clustering decision trees '' j fritsch m finke a waibel cdh hme procs icassp  
distribution parallelism and availability in nonstop sql p celis proceedings of the 1992 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1992.0 
velocity relation : satisfaction as a function of the first derivative of outcome over time ck hsee rp abelson journal of personality and social psychology  
selective molecular recognition ch bond activation and catalysis in nanoscale reaction vessels d fiedler dh leung rg bergman kn raymond acc . chem . res 2005.0 
negotiation training and interpersonal development : an exploratory study of early adolescents in mj nakkula ce nikitopoulos adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 
the virtual video browser in mosaic ( demonstration ) d venkatesh tdc little proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
youssefi ( 1976 ) '' e wong decomposition-a strategy for query processing '' acm  
margaret mackintosh p geographer t geography geography 2005.0 
second thoughts on the teaching of contemporary literatures h gregory wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1964.0 
itu-t standardization activities for interactive multimedia communications on packet-based networks : j toga j ott  1999.0 
in search of excellence : lessons from americaâ ?? s best-run companies tj peters rh waterman   
voice garden b reiser h reiser b fleming proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
mitsubishi pleads no contest to trade secret theft charges . j beeler computerworld. 1983.0 
physical and computational aspects of convective heat transfer t cebeci p bradshaw  1984.0 
maine . the demonstration of state work/welfare initiatives . final report on the training p auspos  1988.0 
by josh bloch published by addison wesley 2001 e java   
towards a self-adapting centralized concurrency control algorithm '' acm sigmod int h boral i gold conf . on management of data boston ma may  
an adaptive congestion control scheme for real-time packet video transport '' k hemant p mishra a reibman proc . acm sigcom  
a simplified universal relauon assumption and its propertles r fagxn ao meudelzon jd ullman acm trans . database syst  
'' lysbet and the fire kittens '' : a historical inquiry . bml bisland social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
software reusability 1989 tj biggerstaff aj perlis acm press : new  
the influence of multimedia on learning : a cognitive study a large j beheshti a breuleux a renaud proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
an approach to type design and text composition in indian scripts ( with a preface by donald e. knuth pk ghosh technical report stan-cs-83-965 stanford university stanford  
the eden transaction-based le system wh jessop jd nee dm jacobsen jl baer c pu   
selectivity estimationinspatial databases s acharya v poosala s ramaswamy proc . acm sigmod  
on the construction of a general numerical tyre shear force model from limited data rs sharp m bettella   
sql : 1999 formerly known as sql3 j melton a eisenberg sigmod record  
clarisworks has a document approach g keizer pc magazine 1993.0 
building partnerships with governments : the experience of the lyndon b. johnson school of public m sherman mp duncan new directions for higher education 2000.0 
cookbook : chiyaan ulini binaaltsoos . first edition . rh lynch  1986.0 
foreword m bross bt technology journal 2003.0 
, s. ramaswamy and t. suel . aqua : system and techniques for approximate query answering pb gibbons v poosala s acharya y bartal technical report bell laboratories murray hill nj feb. .  
griffiths selinger mm astrahan dd chamberlin ra lorie tg price access path selection in a p sac proceedings of the 1979 acm sigmod international conference  
a gyro-twt with a space-charged limited gun e ferguson rs symons   
the q-switching instability in passively mode-locked lasers t kolokolnikov t erneux n joly s bielawski submitted for publication 2004.0 
nj and ea rundensteiner . spatial joins using r-trees : breadth-first traversal with global yw huang vldbâ ?? 97 proceedings of 23rd international conference on & hellip ;  
electronic market : the roadmap for university libraries and members to survive in the information m christoel s pulkowski b schmitt pc lockemann sigmod record ( acm special interest group on management of & hellip ; 1998.0 
ra lorie and tg price â ?? access path selection in a relational database management $ . $ nâ ?? pg selinger mm astrahan dd chamhcrlin proc . of acm sigmod  
j. and grupen ra ( 2000 ) . distiinctive features should be learned h piater technical report 2000-08 university of  
is and line managers need to close the gap j champy computerworld  
on the limited memory bfgs method for large scale optimization dc liu j nocedal mathematical programming 1989.0 
first looks : information please . c stinson pc  
aggregate-query processing in data warehousing environments a gupta v harinarayan d quass vldb 1995.0 
implementing new public policy in poland : barriers and stimuli a adamus-matuszynska journal of european area studies 2001.0 
topology vol . 1 k kuratowski new york  
chromosome banding in amphibia xvii m schmid c steinlein w feichtinger first demonstration of multiple sex chromosomes in & hellip ;  
real-variable methods in harmonic analysis.-academic press a torchinski san diego calif  
mcgraw-hill companies s processes   
transactive memory in close relationships dm wegner r erber p raymond journal of personality and social psychology 1991.0 
partialscan ip opselectionforsimulation-basedsequential atpg 's '' f corno p prinetto m rebaudengo m sonzareorda proc . int . test conf  
on the second law of thermodynamics wjm rankine phil . mag  
f. ; monien b. editors a razborov m auf der heide proceedings 23rd  
guest editors ' introduction dc phillips e callan international journal of educational research 2001.0 
fire : a rangeland tool in southern africa wsw trollope proceedings of the first international rangelan d congress  
mdl summarization with holes s bu lvs lakshmanan rt ng proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
travelers is stays home s cusack computerworld  
the revenge of the jd d maier jd ullman my vardi proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1983.0 
bgigascope : a stream database for network applications ^ in proceedings of the acm international c cranor t johnson o spataschek v shkapenyuk  2003.0 
'' a wise but lonely wanderer '' : how professors avoid getting bored -- and boring . pg beidlerâ ? ¦ new directions for teaching and learning 1986.0 
xquery : a query language for xml . dd chamberlinâ ? ¦   
facial-feature image coding using principal components '' jw welsh d shah electronic letters 1992.0 
a 1986 . the design of postgres m stonebraker l rowe sigmod rec  
a practical approach 1997 ( matejtschuk p ed . ) irl press at oxford university press a separations   
special issue on disruption g crosier p hughes bt technology journal  
a framework for physically-based information visualization tc sprenger mh gross a eggenberger m kaufmann   
28 d-2050 hamburg 80 federal republic of germany hd strasse & hellip ; department university of washington seattle  
economic performance of group-affiliated companies in korea : intragroup resource sharing and sj chang j hong academy of management journal 2000.0 
a future wto trade round ? j whalley international studies-bombay then new delhi - 1998.0 
efficient dense-stereo and novel-view synthesis for gaze manipulation in one-to-one teleconferencing a criminisi j shotton a blake c rother phs   
mentoring undergraduates with professional and liberal arts goals : the mass communication experience j cohen new directions for teaching and learning 2001.0 
definitive xml schema p walmsley  2001.0 
announcementâ ?? the temporal query language tsql2 final language definition rt snodgrass acm sigmod record 1994.0 
vol . 1â ± 3 ( hrsg. : js miller ) plenum new york 1982 ; d ) jb torrance elc compounds acc . chem . res  
adaptive equalization techniques for indoor dynamic wireless communication channels l he m amin c reed & hellip ; soheil a. dianat michael d. zoltowski digital wireless & hellip ; 2001.0 
the aqua approximate query answering system . sigmod 1999 s acharya pb gibbons v poosala s ramaswamy proceedings acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
capturing reality i s rusinkiewicz proceedings of acm siggraph 2005 2005.0 
a strategist 's cognitive map of the steel industry : a case study of mr. david roderick ( chairman us c stubbart a ramaprasad technical report university of massachusetts department of  
queueing systems vol . i : theory l kleinrock new  
on the c-theorem in more than two dimensions int . conf . \ \ non-perturbative quantum effects 2000 '' a cappelli g dã cents rg appollonio n magnoli ed . d. bernard and b. julia jhep proceedings  
capturing and querying multiple aspects of semistructured data ce dyreson mh bohlen cs jensen proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1999.0 
proceedingsof oopslaâ ?? 88 t watanabe a yonezawa  1988.0 
antiplatelet therapy for preventing stroke in patients with nonrheumatic atrial fibrillation and a pj koudstaal  2000.0 
efficient robust parallel computations zm kedem kv palem pg spirakis proceedings of the twenty-second annual acm symposium on & hellip ; 1990.0 
word level confidence annotation using combinations of features r zhang a rudnicky   
host groups : a multicast extention for datagram internetworks s deering d cheriton proceedings of acm sigcomm  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?the multicast backboneã cents â ? ¬ â ? h erikson proc . commun . acm  
is it a tree a dag or a cyclic graph r ghiya l hendren   
diesel injection system modelling . methodology and application for a first-generation common rail r payri h climent fj salvador ag favennec proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2004.0 
accreditation issues related to adult degree programs eg simpson jr new directions for adult and continuing education 2004.0 
your eyes come first j seymour pc magazine  
implementing nonclassroom learning : management considerations . jf wartgow new directions for higher education 1986.0 
are bureaucrats and scientists members of advocacy coalitions ? evidence from an intergovernmental p sabatier m zafonte unpublished manuscript  
catching sites . internet search engines '' pc magazine pc magazine '' vi  
s. mullender ed. \ \ a case study : automatic reconfiguration in autonet '' distributed systems tl rodeheer md schroeder  1993.0 
first core poloidal flow velocity measurements in jet f sattin y andrew c giroud n hawkes m valisa   
how high is up ? calibrating social comparison in the real world ta nosanchuk bh erickson journal of personality and social psychology  
interventions for preventing injuries in problem drinkers t dinh-zarr c diguiseppi e heitman i roberts cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
progress in colloid and polymer sci . 1997 103 170 ; c ) jf rusling jf rusling acc . chem . res  
consistency of transactions and random batch r bayer acm transactions on database systems 1986.0 
e-commerce : cyber-and physical environments h bouwman electronic markets 1999.0 
the problem of remedy in monopolization cases : the ws comanor  2001.0 
the challenges of automatic summarization u hahn   
a ptime-complete problem for slp-compressed words n markey p schnoebelen submitted for publication  
parallel computer systems : performance instrumentation and visualization r koskela m simmons acm press frontier series 1990.0 
an interview with the old man of floating-point . feb. 1998 c severance unpublished manuscript available at http://http . cs .  
catching up or falling behind ? economic performance and regional trajectories in the '' new europe '' m dunford a smith economic geography  
deriving production rules for constraint maintenance tech s ceri j wmom rep rj7348 ibm almaden research center san jose cahf  
experiences with known abo-mismatched renal transplants ad bannett rf mcalack r raja a baquero m transplant proc 1987.0 
process and product quality : perpetuating the myth dn wilson c dawson software quality management-international conference - 1996.0 
optimal bounds for the predecessor problem p beame   
multiple instance learning for labeling faces in broadcasting news video j yang r yan ag hauptmann proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
beyondscholarship reconsidered : toward an enlarged vision of the scholarly work of faculty members re rice new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
sheep adrenal inhibin as mcneilly an brooks g baxter r webb see ref  
calibrating inpuff-2 by resident-panelists for long-distance odor dispersion from animal feedlots ld jacobson h guo dr schmidt re nicolai procs . of the 2 ndinternational conference on air pollution from  
visualization studies of polymer melt flow anomalies in extrusion n bergem procs 7th int congr rheol gothenberg  
morphometrical changes in eggs of rhodnius prolixus ( heteroptera : reduviidae ) during development lf chaves p ramoni-perazzi e lizano n aã ± ez   
colonization patterns by the bacterial flora of young pigs c pijoan m torremorell g solano proc . 28th annual meeting aasp quebec city canada  
a rationale for modeling dynamic ecological systems ne kowal see ref  
environment models and information assimilation r jam ibm almaden research lab . tech . report  
declarative specification of data-intensive web sites m fernandez   
deriving production rules for constraint maintenance j widom s ceri proc . 16th conf . on vldb  
relaxing the universal relation scheme assumption j stein d maier proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
the information theoretical significance of spatial and temporal masking in video signals b girod proc . spie 1989.0 
minority gains essential to us technology future r bruner electronic news  
intelligence and mobility for btâ ?? s next generation networks mi wardlaw bt technology journal 2005.0 
catalytic asymmetric synthesis . se denmark en jacobsen acc chem res 2000.0 
queueing model based network server performance control l sha x liu y lu t abdelzaher proceedings of the 23rd ieee real-time systems symposium ( & hellip ; 2002.0 
ibm soa â ?? on the edgeâ ?? gj cuomo proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
heterogeneous database query optimization in db2 universal datajoiner 24th conf . on very large s venkataraman t zhang new york  
heroism as a nursing virtue v lanara  1996.0 
semi-materialized view approach for route guidance in intelligence vehicle highway systems y huang n jing e rundensteiner proc acm gis workshop  
dispositional emotionality and regulation : their role in predicting quality of social functioning n eisenberg ra fabes ik guthrie m reiser journal of personality and social psychology 2000.0 
gielen â ?? simulation-based automatic generation of signomial and posynomial performance models for w daems proc . acm/ieee iccad  
clearing a path through the management fashion jungle : some preliminary trailblazing pp carson pa lanier kd carson bn guidry   
capturing the '' economic imagination '' : a treasury of children 's books to meet content standards a kehler social studies and the young learner 1998.0 
programming visual c++ jk davidâ ? ¦  1998.0 
a simple model and its empirical validation p jitendra f victor t don k jim mtcp proceedings of acm sigcomm  
investigating the random error distribution of vector network analyser measurements nm ridler pr young proc . 29th automated rf & microwave measurement society ( & hellip ;  
tratado de farmacia prã ¡ ctica a hager vol . i  
how to physically build and maintain pops around the world t brain bt technology journal 2000.0 
'' did they actually really believe this ? '' authentic medical documents as a window on the past . j riley social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
oedipus and existentialism : '' les gommes '' of robbe-grillet b morrissette wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1960.0 
the at most k-deep factor tree j allali mf sagot submitted for publication 2003.0 
scientific autobiography and other papers m planck   
mp ^ vadimiotl ch an optimality theory of concurrency control for databases ht ktmg proc . acm-sigmod int . conf . on management of data boston & hellip ;  
loved or hated : ibm 8100 's stormy romance with users . t henkel computerworld. 1981.0 
path caching : a technique for optimal external searching s ramaswamy   
electromyographic study of the sidestep for development of electrical stimulation patterns r kobetic jm pereira eb marsolais proc . 9th annual resna conference minneapolis mn  
historically black colleges and universities : making a comeback ke redd new directions for higher education 1998.0 
a cost model for clustered object-oriented databases g gardarin jr gruser zh tang proceedings of the 21th international conference on very & hellip ; 1995.0 
culture in anarchy : classical education as a counter-revolutionary force in nineteenth-century sa spencer  1992.0 
query optimization algorithm for semistructured data d florescu a levy d suciu submitted for publication  
common and uncommon models for evaluating teaching . l baird new directions for higher education 1973.0 
on programmable universal mobile channel r liao a campbell proceedings of acm  
a benefit-cost analysis of the supported work experimentâ '' â '' p kemper d long c thornton the national supported work demonstration  
presupposition triggered by temporal connectives f schilder   
deming and software-strange bedfellows ? ak bissett jia siddiqi software quality management-international conference - 1996.0 
rachel bowles p geographer t geography   
using a castor oil-balsam of peru-trypsin ointment to assist in healing skin graft donor sites sn carson c wiggins k overall ostomy wound management 2003.0 
geographical indications and the south africa-european union free trade agreement e craven c mather area 2001.0 
web sites strive to personalize c sliwa   
'' lolita '' and '' les liaisons dangereuses '' ao aldridge wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1961.0 
the real stroustrup interview s hamilton ieee computer  
å?ªé ? ³ è ¨ ? è ¯ ç ?? é ?? è ¯ '' æ ² '' ç ?? æ ³ ? é '' ? æ?é ¸ # tiger drs seattle washington usa  
response to â ?? a close look at the ifo data modelâ ?? s abiteboul r hull acm sigmod record 1995.0 
etal . anarchitectureforwidearea multicast routing s deering d estrin d farinacci v jacobson proc . acm  
l & a tardos and robert e. tarjan . network flow algorithms . cdmputer science department av goldberg stanford university technical report stan-cs-89-1 252  
automatic content-based retrieval of broadcast news mg brown   
sql standardization : the next steps . acms anthology sigmod record 2000.0 
towards intelligent recognition of multimedia episodes in real-time applications j gabbe a ginsberg b robinson proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
standard sql/mm : sql multimedia and application packages k jankiewicz m wojciechowski   
the inuenceof temperature on the pupil mechanism in the eye of turnip moth agrotis segetum wej nordstroã?mp  1997.0 
palm probabilities and stationary queues f baccelli p brã © maud  1987.0 
a query language for a web-site management system d florescu a levy m fernandez d suciu sigmod record  
learning in professional practice bj daley new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
algorithms and performance studies . dennis shasha francois llirbat eric simon patrick valduriez t chopping acm transactions on database systems  
mining all maximal frequent word sequences in a set of sentences h ahonen-myka proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
a measure of parallelization for the lexicographically first maximal subgraph problems r uehara proceedings of the 23rd international workshop on graph - & hellip ; 1997.0 
ibers f basolo bm hoffman ja acc . chem . res  
common and avoidable causes of eis failure hj watson h glover computerworld  
quantum commttnication i kremer msc thesis computer science department the hebrew university  
codap : some new techniques to improve job type identification and definition wj phalen jj weissmuller proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the military & hellip ;  
web-based simulation generator : empowering teaching and learning media in political science a ip r linser   
the gestalt of an information technology outsourcing relationship : an exploratory analysis t kern   
randomized algorithms for optimizing large join queries acm sigmod int y ioannidis y kang conference on management of data  
intracellular calcium channels t furuichi t michikawa k mikoshiba see ref  
xquery implementation in a relational database system s pal i cseri o seeliger m rys g schaller w submitted for  
collection devices for obtaining cervical cytology samples ( cochrane review ) p martin-hirsch g jarvis h kitchener r lilford cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
the nag library '' machine '' b ford j bentley acm signum newsletter 1977.0 
a comparison of the effects of alfacalcidol treatment and vitamin d supplementation on calcium rm francis it boyle c moniz am sctcliffe bs proceedings of the ninth workshop on vitamin d. orlando & hellip ;  
existence and optimality of competitive equilibria cd aliprantis dj brown o burkinshaw  1989.0 
failure and failure resolution in the us thrift and banking industries a gupta l misra   
insolvency of insurance companies yy chen university of california santa barbara doctoral & hellip ;  
submission of final research report v rehabilitation  2000.0 
technologies for local area computer networks iw cotton computer networks  
ohlen . temporal database system implementations b mh acm sigmod record  
l ( 2 1 ) - labelling of 3-regular hamiltonian graphs jh kang submitted for  
mainframers win ticket to ride client/server bus j king computerworld  
two applications of standardization and evaluation in combinatory reduction systems r muller jb wells submitted for publication 2000.0 
bandwidth-delay constrained routing algorithms y yang l zhang jk muppala st chanson computer networks 2003.0 
why do national labor market practices continue to diverge in the global economy ? the '' missing link '' s christopherson economic geography  
baltimore : johns hopkins university press 1991 n landscapes   
echoes and imitations of early epic in apollonius rhodius . 1981 m campbell   
imemex : escapes from the personal information jungle jp dittrich mav salles d kossmann l blunschi proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
'' cultural industries '' in sweden : an assessment of their place in the swedish economy d power economic geography  
erp adoption by european midsize companies y van everdingen j van hillegersberg e waarts communications-acm 2000.0 
'' measurement of the value of for 235u 238u and 239pu in the active zone of the bor-60 reactor vs prokopenko av inchagov yb novikovâ ? ¦ at .  
architectureand applicationsof the connectionmachine '' l tucker g robertson ieee computer  
modelling agent interaction in logic programming p quaresma lm pereira procs . of the  
efficient dynamic mining of constrained frequent sets lvs lakshmanan cks leung rt ng acm transactions on database systems 2003.0 
foreword r swale bt technology journal 2001.0 
coherence and congruence : two aspects of personality integration km sheldon t kasser journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
the conlan project : concepts implementations and applica . tions r piloty d borrione ieee computer  
extreme nonmultiplicative operators lecture notes j lindenstrauss rpjv ryff university of washington seattle  
programming distributed collaboration interaction through the www ( working title ) r flores-mendez  1997.0 
an empirical study on gas '' without parameters '' t back ae eiben nal van der vaart lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
a publish/subscribe system model supporting uncertainties h liu  2003.0 
imagining stereotypes away : the moderation of implicit stereotypes through mental imagery iv blair je ma ap lenton journal of personality and social psychology 2001.0 
'' salina e svelto '' : the symbolism of change in '' il gattopardo '' a evans c evans wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1963.0 
comparison of parametric bootstrap and bayesian approaches to obtaining confidence intervals for c kooperberg cj stone unpublished manuscript  
austin tx : university oftexas press es act   
regional patterns of fertility transition in botswana c vanderpost geography  
mining generalized association rules s ramakrishnan a rakesh proceedings of 21 stvldb conference zurich switzerland  
general optical implementations of fractional fourier transforms s liu j xu y zhang l chen c li   
the acquisition of disjunction and positive polarity in japanese t goro s akiba   
the information effects of analyst activity at the announcement of new equity issues sp ferris financial management 2000.0 
distributed entertainment environment sj powers mr hinds j morphett bt technology journal 1997.0 
visual studio takes big step s gaudin computerworld  
ve4ma '' selection of an optimum dish feed '' bw malowanchuk proceedings of the 23rd conference of the central states vhf  
a survey of current practice of value assessment in the management of manufacturing information and jn ezingeard p race & hellip ; of the second international conference on management  
seamless stitching using multi-perspective plane sweep sb kang r szeliski m uyttendaele   
the continuum of professional education and practice ab knox new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
dynamic modeling bm hannon m ruth  2001.0 
calculation of transient processes at direct lightning stroke into thin wire structures hd brã 1/4 ns h singer f demmel & hellip ; on electromagnetic compatability zurich switzerland  
declarative specification of web sites with strudel m fernã ¡ ndez d florescu a levy d suciu the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2000.0 
thouzot '' une prã © sentation de la mã © thode des ã © lã © ments finis '' maloine sa paris 1981 g dhatt   
examination of adolescents ' negative thoughts depressive mood and family environment b aydin f oztutuncu adolescence-san diego - 2001.0 
nicklen s. and coulson ar ( 1977 ) f sanger proc .  
å ?? é ? ³ è ¨ ? è ¯ é ?? è ¯ '' æ ² '' ç ?? æ ³ ? é '' ? æ?é ¸ # tiger drs seattle washington usa  
evaluation of r-1218 in the primary rat hepatocyte unscheduled dna synthesis assayã cents ã cents ã cents final report l bionetics md  
assessment of basic social skills re riggio journal of personality and social psychology  
parallel processing and document layout h brown   
in press gp lewis & hellip ; loblolly/shortleaf pine demonstration final report . us  
software tool packages the expertise needed to build expert systems c williams electronic design  
realization of dynamic biped walking stabilized with trunk motion under known external force a takanishi m tochizawa t takeya h karaki i proc . int . conf . advanced robotics  
academic staff students and the internet : the experience at the university of westminster bb blinko electronic library 1996.0 
one-class svms for document classification m larry y malik journal of machine learning research  
svâ `` footballâ '' ve encarta  1993.0 
making information sources available for a new market in an electronic commerce environment s pulkowski   
ketamine administration during waking increases delta eeg intensity in rat sleep i feinberg ig campbell neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
toward a theory of phonological process in first and second language learning . d oller western conference of linguistics seattle washington  
growth and enhancement of the agarophyte gracilaria ( florideophyceae ) rg saunders jg lindsay proc . int . seaweed . symp  
a history of system r and sql/data system d chamberiin a gilbert r yost proc . 7th international conference on very large data bases & hellip ;  
david bell p geographer t geography geography 2005.0 
chickpea improvement in tunisia m bouslama proc int workshop chickpea improv  
a poore jh '' statistical testing for cleanroom software engineering '' j whittaker proceedings of the 25 thhawai international conference on  
prefix ã ¿ â ¡ trees r bayer k unterauer acm transactions on database systems  
companies donâ ?? t learn from previous it snafus ks nash computerworld  
leaf isozymes as genetic markers in citrus rk soost am torres proc . int . soc . citricult  
supporting a community of practice : the role of workers as learners m de laat f de jong j ter huurne   
physical impacts of explosions on marine mammals and turtles . appendix d final environmental impact jc craig jr md  
discussing aspects of aop t elrad m aksit g kiczales k lieberherr h communications-acm 2001.0 
aggregate-query processing in data warehousing environments ag ghqw v harinarayan d quass proc . of the 21st vldb co @ zurich switzerland  
on the identification of categories and choices for specification-based test case generation ty chen pl poon sf tang th tse information and software technology 2004.0 
document management : the painful transition g berline l grunin pc magazine 1993.0 
some thoughts on emulating jitter for user experience trials g armitage l stewart proceedings of acm sigcomm 2004 workshops on netgames &#39; 04 : & hellip ; 2004.0 
paleoseismology : academic press jp mccalpin san diego 588pp  
collaborative browsing and visualization of the search process mb twidale dm nichols elvira-proceedings - 1996.0 
a riemann problem for an elastic bar that changes phase y lin  1992.0 
survival of some intestinal pathogens in the marine environment . d fuks  1991.0 
an evaluation of two metaphors for the presentation of electronic news . accepted for c watters m shepherd l manchester t chaisson  1997.0 
optimization of slice models mm voelker  2002.0 
culture traits strength and organizational performance : moving beyond '' strong '' culture gs saffold iii the academy of management review 1988.0 
organizational characteristics and information systems : an exploratory investigation ph cheney gw dickson the academy of management journal 1982.0 
culture and climate 1 : invastigating aspects of organizational and care culture by the use of a sarvimaeki ss benkoe vard i norden 1998.0 
taylor editors fh lochovsky & hellip ; very large data bases : reprinted from very large data bases  
shallow parsing with conditional random fields f sha f pereira proceedings of hltnaacl 2003.0 
houses and settlements in byzantine greece c bouras shelter in greece architecture in greece press athens  
problemas de probabilidad y estadãstica cm cuadras vol i.  
teaching in the information age : a new look mj albright new directions for teaching and learning 1999.0 
the phonology and morphology of the tanacross athabaskan language g holton   
evaluating multimedia educational software : the dast experience f albalooshi em alkhalifa & hellip ; resources management association international conference  
short versus standard duration oral antibiotic therapy for acute urinary tract infection in children m michael em hodson jc craig s martin va moyer cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
comments on '' a practical ( t n ) threshold proxy signature scheme based on the rsa cryptosystem '' g wang f bao j zhou rh deng ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
solving 3-satisfiability in less than 1,579 ^ n steps i schiermeyer lecture notes in computer science 1993.0 
a. mccarthy j. d. ( 2003 ) . shiny happy people building trust ? photos on e-commerce web site and j riegelsberger m sasse proc chi . acm  
internet edi on horizon k nash computerworld  
physiological ecology of the alpine timberline : tree existence at high altitudes with special w tranquillini  1979.0 
epistemology of disagreement : the good news d christensen unpublished  
communicating safety assurance-a case study jl fenn msc thesis department of computer science university of york  
temporal relations in geographic information systems : a workshop at the university of maine r barrera a frank k al-taha acm sigmod record 1991.0 
traversing itemset lattices with statistical metric pruning r ng l lakshmanan j han a pang in proc . of acm sigmod  
xml : a second chance for web markup n randal pc magazine november  
composite international diagnostic interview : expanded substance abuse module lm robins t babor lb cottler unpublished manuscript  
preface by the editors-in-chief hj schek f maryanski the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1993.0 
beckler family tree homepage ( http://home . cdsnet . net/beckler / ) '' s beckler   
sniffer tracks more than just web hits c babcock computerworld  
o'connor picojava : adirectexecution engine for java bytecode '' h mcghan andm ieee  
electronic publishing : publish without paper ! 14 ( 3 ) l grunin pc  
a novel method for replacement of the dislodged tracheostomy tube : the nasogastric tube '' guidewire '' js young wj brady b kesser d mullins journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
faunal remains from klasies river mouth : academic press lr binford san diego ca  
companies struggle to answer web-site e-mail r fusaro computerworld  
economic forces in the coevoltuion of information technology and intellectual property institutions p david  2002.0 
jeffrey d. ullman.â ?? implementing data cubes effiecientlyâ ?? v harinarayan a rajaraman proceedings of acm sigmod 1996 international conference on & hellip ;  
history of the civil war military pensions 1861-1885 jw oliver  1915.0 
factors affecting burrowing patterns of subterranean rodents ss romanach  2003.0 
how complete are knowledge-representation systems ? ew elcock ieee computer  
xquery 1.0 : an xml query language s boag d chamberlin mf fernandez d florescu j w3c working draft  
reliability aspects of optical fibre systems and networks p cochrane djt heatley bt technology journal 1994.0 
visual basic workshop jc craig microsoft  
the greater common good a roy   
bro : a system for detecting network intruders in real-time v paxson computer networks 1999.0 
foreword f maryanski the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1993.0 
determinacion of ph : theory and practice . rg bates   
design patterns addison-wesley 1995 e gamma r helm r johnson j vissides   
draft of a paper ( or series of papers ) on chaitinâ ?? s work ... done for the most part during the rm solovay unpublished  
attribute agreement yc tay proceedings of the eighth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1989.0 
a cache visualization tool e deijl g kanbier o temam ed granston ieee computer  
dynamic programming treatment of the travelling salesman problem r bellman journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1962.0 
endocrine-immune interactions ornaments and mate choice in red jungle fowl m zuk ts johnsen t maclarty proceedings : biological sciences 1995.0 
an update of research at the national animal disease center on current strains of porcine wl mengeling km lager ac vorwald rd wesley df proceedings of the allen d. leman swine conference & hellip ;  
experience with a new drum centrifuge dp stewart rs boyle mf randolph proc . int . conf . centrifuge  
special issue on knowledge representation rj brachman bc smith acm sigart bulletin 1980.0 
andj . d. ullman . implementing data cubes efficiently v harinarayan a rajaraman proc . of  
foreword he schaefer r wã 1/4 rschum h gleiter t tsakalakos   
the â ?? known worldâ ?? ofprimaryschool children p wiegand geography  
theory ofelectric polarization cjf bottcher p bordewijk vol i  
the complexity of near-optimal graph coloring mr garey ds johnson journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1976.0 
campus environmental audits : the ucla experience . aa smith r gottlieb new directions for higher education 1992.0 
congress and the environment . ra cooley g wandesforde-smithâ ? ¦  1970.0 
interactive information systems : information access and retrieval r oliver electronic library 1995.0 
the data flow programming language cajole-an informal introduction cl hankin hw glaser   
application specification for distributed data base systems pg hebalkar vldb 1978.0 
common methodology a crabtree j hughes m rouncefield isbn  
handbook of vertabrate immunology.â ?? academic press p pastoret g gabriel h bazin a govaerts san diego  
silicon valley usa dc hoefler electronic news  
the fraunhofer ise roadmap for crystalline silicon solar cell technology gp willeke   
george alan blackburn gordon clark and david pilgrim p geographer t geography geography 2005.0 
here is an attempt mr freeberg   
an approximation preserving reduction from graph coloring to the consistency problem of obdds 1994 p fischer hu simon unpublished  
intracellular myocardial recordings in vivo during sustained and transient ventricular fibrillation m manoach rf wyatt d &#39; alche p. advances in electrocardiology ( proceedings on the & hellip ;  
early experience with the compass elbow hinge : a retrospective review [ c ] rb wyrsch dr weikert jg seilerâ ? ¦ procs annual meeting american society for surgery of the & hellip ;  
deconstructing babel : xml and application integration h balen   
pruning the design space for wide-bit multipliers : an estimation approach for programmable logic - g quan jp davis h devarkal submitted for publication 2004.0 
software methodology in the harsh light of economics . kc kang ls levy information and software technology 1989.0 
the geography of the â ?? entrepreneurial stateâ ?? : public venture capital programs in the usa â ?? an c thompson k bayer annual conference of the association of american geographers  
a fert a and pomeroy ar 1967 ia campbellâ ? ¦ phil . mag  
s-plus for arcview gis-users guide version 1.0 '' and '' s-plus spatial stat . '' m inc data analysis products division seattle washington april  
the generalized pre-grouping transformation : aggregate-query optimization in the presence of a tsois t sellis proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2003.0 
software architecture : introducing ieee standard 1471 mw maier d emery r hilliard   
an anti-aliasing technique for splatting je swan k mueller t moeller n shareef r proc . visualization  
the effects of limited ( information only ) asthma education on health outcomes of adults with asthma pg gibson j coughlan aj wilson m hensley m cochrane database syst rev  
special features of the physics and thermophysics of the irgit reactor va konovalov gv konyukhov at .  
an adaptative algorithm for incremental evaluation of production rules f fabret m rã © gnier e simon proc . international conference on very large  
the great destroyer.â ?? f trade  1996.0 
hierarchical locative reasoning for autonomous mobile platforms a saotti lp wesley procs . of the ieee intelligent vehicles symp  
computational aspects of a first-order logic with sorts c weidenbach to  
a close look at flenfluramine and dexfenfluramine le vivero po anderson rf clark journal of emergency medicine 1998.0 
nondestructive evaluation of thermallyshocked plasticic packages using acousticmicroscopy je semmens lw kessler proc . 29th ann . / eee intâ ?? l reliabilty symp. istfa  
the logic of evaluation and evaluation practice m scriven new directions for program evaluation 1995.0 
visualization of a pdp discharge growth and an interpretation of the growth mechanism t shiga k igarashi s mikoshiba proc . int . display workshop  
express multicast : an extended service model for globally scalable ip multicast h holbrook dr cheriton proceedings of acm sigcommâ ?? 99  
cost-based selection of path expression in object-oriented databases g gardarin j gruser z tang proc . 22nd international conference on very large data bases  
design issues for a dexter-based hypermedia k grã ¸ nbã ¦ k rh trigg proc . acm echt conference ( 1992 )  
manual for the laboratory temperament assessment battery ( version 1 ) hh goldsmith mk rothbart unpublished manuscript  
system/u : a database system based on the universal relation assumption hf korth gm kuper j feigenbaum a van gelder jd acm transactions on database systems 1984.0 
workshop evaluation : old myths and new wisdom gj andrews new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
musil 's anselm and '' the motivated life '' w braun wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
xml schema gc introduction sigmod record 2003.0 
the practice of peptide synthesis m bodanszky a bodanszky  1994.0 
clinical intestinal transplantation : experience in miami t karatzas f khan ag tzakis transplantation proceedings 1997.0 
the student experience . kc green pp mcnamara new directions for higher education 1978.0 
v harinarayan and d. quass . aggregatequery processing in data warehousing environments a gupta proc . 21st intt . conj . very large data  
presentation of the society of research on nicotine and tobacco s david r niaura w shadel d britt g  2001.0 
the kernel adatron algorithm : a fast and simple learning procedure for support vector machines. '' tt frie n cristianini c campbell   
ohio marriage index ( http://198.30 . 212.15 / ) '' c county   
a pragmatic look at decompilation mf weller proc .  
a ullman jd implementing data cubes efficiently r harinarayan proceedings of the international conference on management of & hellip ;  
foreword ra hoffman rj strangeway sb mende journal of geophysical research ( space physics 2003.0 
a topic in '' the waste land '' : traditional rhetoric and eliot 's individual talent r bates wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1964.0 
'' the alexandria quartet '' : form and fiction lt lemon wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1963.0 
an overview of path pascal 's design rh campbell rb kolstad acm sigplan notices 1980.0 
implementing proportional rotating schedules nb heller proc . acm urban symposium  
clustered principal components for precomputed radiance transfer pp sloan j hall j hart j snyder acm transactions on graphics ( tog ) 2003.0 
spartina in willapa bay : a case history . p. 27â ?? 29 : j sayce spartina workshop record seattle washington november  
mining database structure ; or howto build a data quality browser t dasu t johnson s muthukrishnan v shkapenyuk   
anatomical aspects of the cochlear nucleus and superior olivary complex jm harrison ml feldman contributions to sensory physiology 1970.0 
selectivity estimation in spatial databases s acharya v poosala s ramaswamy   
inc. ( 1999 ) mset applications final report-cold demonstration of  
the internet in service-learning m canada new directions for higher education 2001.0 
sala-i-martin x. ( 1995 ) economic growth rj barro new york  
faculty stress : the tension between career demands and '' having it all . '' . md sorcinelli mw gregory new directions for teaching and learning 1987.0 
program participation of mothers on w-2 . m cancian dr meyer w-2 child support demonstration evaluation phase 1 : final & hellip ;  
progress with biotechnology and gm crops in developing countries c thirtle proceedings of the 25 thinternational conference of & hellip ;  
correlating events for monitoring business processes j schiefer c mcgregor   
neural computing : theory and practice pd wasserman  1989.0 
mapping scalp topographies of rhythmic eeg activity using temporal decorrelation based constrained cj james cw hesse   
investigation of the load flow problem ll freris am sasson  1968.0 
toward rapid '' green '' predictable microwave-assisted synthesis . ba roberts cr strauss acc . chem . res 2005.0 
evaluation of video summarization for a large number of cameras in ubiquitous home gc de silva t yamasaki k aizawa proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
paging performance with page coloring wl lynch mj flynn   
computation tree logic ctl * and path quantifiers in the monadic theory of the binary tree icalp87 . t hafer w thomas proc . 3rd acm symp .  
development of three-dimensionaldisplay with accomodative compensation s shiwa k omura t miyasato proc . int . display workshop  
atlas of immunofluorescent autoantibodies urban & schwarzenberg baltimore ar krapf ca von mã 1/4 hlen fe krapf rm nakamura md  
simple efficient load balancing algorithms for peer-to-peer systems dr karger m ruhl   
final evaluation report . part ii . children in choros & chronos project i ioannidou a dimitracopoulou esprit / i  
on the effectiveness of optimization search strategies for parallel execution spaces rsg lanzelotte p valduriez m zait proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1993.0 
obtaining optimal solutions to resource constrained network scheduling problems l schrage unpublished manuscript  
comments on '' note on the expected size of a join '' . acms anthology sigmod record 1982.0 
mheg : an introduction to the future international standard for hypermedia object interchange r price proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ; 1993.0 
semi-membership algorithms : some recent advances d denny-brown y han la hemaspaandra l acm sigact news 1994.0 
pharmacokinetics and metabolism of cyclosporin a t beveridge see ref  
rajaraman . a. implementing data cubes efficiently ujd harinarayan proc acm sigmod int &#39; l conf on management of data . montreal  
scalable lock-free dynamic memory allocation mm michael   
access path selection in a relational dbms pg selinger mm astrahan dd chamberlin ra lorie  1979.0 
intravenous pyelography in penetrating trauma . e tang t berne journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
1.3 / r3 pd wp final results with the demonstration system  
a path optimization signalling protocol for inter-switch handoff in wireless atm networks wsv wong vcm leung computer networks 1999.0 
mos-controlled thyristor turns off 1 mw in 2 mu s. f goodenough electronic design 1988.0 
conceptual competition eth world : virtual and physical presence p carrard m engeli  2001.0 
tcl/tk 1994 workshop g lester proceedings of a workshop held june 23-25 1994 new orleans & hellip ; 1994.0 
undulating filaments in nitella endoplasm and motive force generation ns allen see ref  
shelter in greece ob doumanis p oliver architecture in greece press athens  
cards . '' a goodenough serfp line electronic design  
a simulation study of load balancing algorithms in cellular packet networks i tinnirello g bianchi   
human-mouse differences in the expression patterns of disease genes and developmental control genes f fougerousse p bullen m herasse s lindsay i submitted for  
exploratory and multivariate data analysis m jambu  1991.0 
developing independence in a life transition : investing the self in the concerns of the day s zirkel journal of personality and social psychology  
1995 wharton survey of derivatives usage by us non-financial firms gm bodnar rs hayt rc marston   
virtual conferencing an mortlock d machin s mcconnell p sheppard bt technology journal 1997.0 
dp maintenance : a costly complex job . t scannell computerworld. 1982.0 
title : ra norris   
language specification rt snodgrass the tsql2 temporal query  
xml schema dc fallsideâ ? ¦   
vibration as a factor giving rise to cracking of cold collectors pgv-1000 vg verezemskii at .  
fuzzy smoothing of hmm parameters in speech recognition m koo ck un electronic letters 1990.0 
gigascope : a stream database for network applications cd cranor t johnson v shkapenyuk sigmod conference 2003.0 
the theory of quantum fluids d pines p nozieres vol . i ( addison-wesley )  
an early look at xquery a eisenberg j melton sigmod record 2002.0 
cooperative learning : making '' groupwork '' work ka smith new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
the aqua approximate query answering system sa cr941 pb gibbons v poosaia s ramaswamy proc . acm sigmod lnrernational co @ on management of data & hellip ;  
pharmacological interventions for non-ulcer dyspepsia p moayyedi s soo j deeks b delaney m innes d cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
a primer on acupuncture v cadwell journal of emergency nursing 1998.0 
implementation of two semantic query optimization techniques in db2 universal databaseâ '' atkinson q cheng j gryz f koo tyc leung l liu x qian international conference on very large data bases ( vldbâ ?? 99  
querying websites using compact skeletons a rajaraman jd ullman   
sql and management of external data . also iso/iec 9075-9-2000 j meltonâ ? ¦ information technologyâ ?? database  
an experimental comparison of national telephone and personal interview surveys . survey research rm groves unpublished manuscript  
low-molecular-weight heparin in the emergency department treatment of venous thromboembolism gd innes ec dillon a holmes journal of emergency medicine 1997.0 
the 3w model and algebra for unified data mining t johnson lvs lakshmanan rt ng vldb 2000.0 
'' bend sinister '' : nabokov 's political dream ll lee wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
network flow algorithms . computer science department av goldberg ã ? tardos re tarjan stanford university technical report stan-cs-89-1252  
'' students passionate about their learning '' : the end products of the profession . pg beidlerâ ? ¦ new directions for teaching and learning 1986.0 
profitable predictability in the cross-section of stock returns jd hanna mj ready  2001.0 
nonresponse in the survey of wisconsin works families . m krecker j ziliak w-2 child support demonstration evaluation : final report  
utilization of the emergency department by patients with minor complaints ma rubin mj bonnin journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
absolute stability and dynamic complementarity vs kozyakin a mandelbaum submitted for  
interview with john mcdermid : the cost of cots n talbert ieee computer  
a feature-based algorithms for detecting and classifving scene breaks . z ramin m justin m kevin  1995.0 
experiments of a duckbill valve ( dbv ) jet in coflow jhw lee hw tang   
the learning sanctuary as an educational environment . ce kasworm new directions for adult and continuing education 1990.0 
destroying symmetry by orienting edges : complete graphs and complete bigraphs f harary ms jacobson discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2001.0 
the format manual . rep. 320 -- 3510 ibm washington sci . center wheaton gm berns   
a cost model for clustered object-oriented databases zh tangot stg france   
web-based education for all : a tool for development adaptive courseware p brusilovsky j eklund ew schwarz www7 / computer networks 1998.0 
of writing imagination and dialogue : a transformative experience je clark new directions for adult and continuing education 1997.0 
is native-like competence possible in l2 acquisition s montrul r slabakova   
query optimization by simulation annealing ye ioannidis e wong proc . acm sigmod int &#39; l conf  
experiences in federated databases : from iro-db to miro-web . 24st conf . on very large databases p fankhauser g gardarin m lopez j munoz a new york ny  
virtual cut-through : a new computer communication switching technique k parviz l kienrock computer networks  
gestural control at ircam . mm wanderley mh serra m battier submitted for  
sex limited inheritance in drosophila . th morganâ ? ¦   
science service learning chm 197 b resource manual . t samberg b woodward d wiegand m vredevoogd n university of washington seattle washington  
title ? g de vaucouleurs ann . dâ ?? ap  
sql standardization : the next steps a eisenberg j melton acm sigmod record 2000.0 
xquery : a query language for xml . w3c working draft d chamberlin d florescu j robie m stefanescu   
report on second international workshop on advanced issues of e-commerce and web-based information kl wu ps yu sigmod record 2000.0 
a scrollbar-based visualization for document navigation d byrd   
quantum electrodynamics : with unstable vacuum es fradkin dm gitman sm shvartsman  1991.0 
smart cards the better way to pay a michael computerworld  
evaluating the effect of intensity standardization and inhomogeneity correction on mr images a madabhushi jk udupa proc . of 28th ieee north-eastern conf . on bioengineering  
the ability to detect deceit generalizes across different types of high-stake lies mg frank p ekman journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
information visualization guest editors ' foreword e ioannidis r beigel b shneiderman jb kennedy sigmod record 1996.0 
patterns of activity-induced pathology in a canadian eskimo isolate . cf merbs  1970.0 
chief programmer teams : principles and procedures . ibm rep. fsc 71-5108 ibm fed . syst . div. hd mills md  
sensory integration-theory and practice . [ fa davis & co philadelphia us ] ag gisher ea murray ac bundy  1991.0 
broadband islands-bridging the services gap second international conference rpo hã 1/4 berâ ? ¦ athens greece june  
first ordovician vertebrates from the southern hemisphere a ritchie j gilbert-tomlinson algheringa i  
foreword m carr bt technology journal 2003.0 
investigating the response of offshore foundations in soft clay soils bw byrne mj cassidy   
the current conveyor : history progress and new results as sedra gw roberts f gohh  1990.0 
analysis of a general limited scheduling mechanism for a distributed communication system lc hwang cj chang computer networks 1999.0 
good advice cheap : is life is tough . here 's some solid ( and free ) advice observations and j maglitta   
a progress report on the activities of the codasyl end user facility task group hc lefkovits acm sigmod record 1976.0 
exploiting inter-operation parallelism in xprs . w hong   
four generations of nurse theorists in the us an overview of their questions and answers eoc hall vard i norden 1997.0 
three-dimensional dynamic structure of the lipid bilayer membranes : an epr spin label study wk subczynski a wisniewska cellular and molecular biology letters 1996.0 
the thabamus ofthe macaca mulatta j olszewski an at  
a tool for on-line visualization and interactive steering of parallel hpc applications s rathmayer m lenke   
break-over diodes for transient suppression j foster electronic engineering  
smart struts - the solution for helicopter interior noise problems w gembler h schweitzer r maier m pucher p european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
supramolecular chemistry vch weinheim 1995 ; b ) mct fyfe jf stoddart jm lehn acc . chem . res  
usa 1995 ny york   
at first i thoughtâ ?? : a normalizing device for extraordinary events g jefferson unpublished manuscript  
heterogeneous database query optimization in db2 universal datajoiner s venkataraman t zhang vldb 1998.0 
one-to-one faculty development p elbow new directions for teaching and learning : no  
core based trees ( cbt ) an architecture for scalable inter-domain multicast routing t ballardie p francis j crowcroft   
foreword f briggs bt technology journal 1997.0 
black . scheduling support for concurrency and parallelism in the mach operating system l david ieee computer  
colony stimulating factor and the regulation of granulopoiesis and macrophage production er stanley g hansen j woodcock d metcalf fed proc 1975.0 
foreword pb domorski bt technology journal 2000.0 
national cancer institute seer cancer statistics review 1973â ?? 1995 . bethesda lag ries cl kosary bf hankey md  
snap-together visualization : a user interface for coordinating visualization for relational schemata c north b shneiderman conference proceedings of acm advanced visual interfaces  
datajoiner : a practical approach to multi-database access p gupta e lin parallel and distributed information systems 1994. & hellip ;  
kentucky ( cd-rom c2001 by intellectual reserve inc. ) '' us census l county electronic '' ed  
autodep-facilitating deposition to the protein data bank through the new web-based submission form dr stampf ee abola no manning d xue jl sussman 17th iucr congress and general assembly seattle washington & hellip ;  
stack database model/view of multimedia data af cã ¡ rdenas pa michael bs islam   
esda : virtual prototypes aid complex system design t david electronic engineering  
despite capacity outlays fabless vendors still fret a cataldo electronic news  
emergency pe . troleum production capacity outside the persian gulf l pittinger  1980.0 
empirical study of exchange patterns during software peer review meetings pd ` astous pn robillard information & software technology 2002.0 
integration definition function modeling ( idef0 ) . software standard modeling techniques . fips pub183 f pub183 md 1983.0 
reflections on the graduate student experience : an overview ms anderson jp swazey new directions for higher education 1998.0 
flow cytometry vol . 33 methods in cell biology z darzynkiewicz ha crissman san diego  
harts : a distributed real-time architecture s kg ieee computer  
the next generation motor control methodâ ?? direct torque control dtc p pohjalainen p tiitinen j lalu proceedings of the  
heterogemeous integration of biomimetic acoustic microsystems andreas g. andreou david h. goldberg g camvenberghs   
a regional experience of red cell aplasia ja kynaston nc west mm reid european journal of pediatrics 1993.0 
andt wm cowan di gottlieb ae hendrickson jl price wool-sey ( 1972 ) the autoradiographic demonstration of axonal  
michael stonebraker and jim frew and kenn gardels and jeff meredith tss benchmark proceedings of  
deriving production rules for incremental view maintenance '' 17th int s ceri j widom conf . on very large data bases barcelona spain september  
isomorphism of complete sets m dowd unpublished  
foreword by john ames j ames bt technology journal 1997.0 
data structures & algorithm analysis in c++ . ( 2 . ed ) addison wesley ma weiss  1999.0 
a direct photoelectric determination of planck 's '' h '' . ra millikan  1916.0 
advanced visual interfaces : an international workshop aviâ ?? 98 lâ ?? aquila italy mai 25â ?? 27 t catarci mf costabile s levialdi l tarantino acm press new  
airborne automation on boeing 757 767 takes over flying landing making pilot '' a true manager '' . p gillin computerworld. 1983.0 
acute carpal tunnel syndrome from thrombosed persistent median artery-case report c balakrishnan mf smith p puri journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
semantacs for set-oraented productron rules an relataonal database systems ibm research report rj j wldom sjfa syntax ibm almaden research center june  
the postgres storage system m stonebraker proc . 1987 vldb conference brighton england sept  
oneline one-dimensional conflict-free coloring a fiat j matousek e mossel j pach m sharir s  2004.0 
evaluation systems are more than information systems . la braskamp new directions for higher education 1982.0 
load balancing and data locality in parallel n-body techniques jp singh c holt t totsuka a gupta jl hennessy technical report csl-tr-91-496 stanford university  
alpha : a non-proprietary os for large complex distributed real-time e jensen j northcutt procs . of the ieee workshop on experimental distributed  
financial consulting solutions ( fcs ) support papers for water rate study e cebron k seat seattle washington  
the biology of the laboratory rabbitâ '' 2 ndedition academic press pj manning ce newcomer h rongler san diego  
suicide and the near-death experience seh rogers  1998.0 
some grammaticalization changes in estonian and their implications l campbell approaches to grammaticalization  
a thermodynamic '' vocabulary '' for metal ion interactions in biological systems . mt rodgers pb armentrout acc . chem . res 2004.0 
ag and dale nb '' schema and occurrence structure transformation in hierarchical systems '' pt dale proc . 1976 international conference on management of  
in depth : look out here comes india j vijayan computerworld  
on the computation of multidimensional aggregates a sameet a rakesh md prasadâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 22nd international conference on very & hellip ;  
land use changes in the environs of moscow g ioffe t nefedova area 2001.0 
exploiting synthetic chemistry with mesoionic rings : improvements achieved with thioisomã 1/4 nchnones m ã?valos r babiano p cintas jl jimã © nez jc acc . chem . res 2005.0 
web-based education for all : a tool for developing adaptive courseware . computer networks and isdn p brusilovsky j eklund e schwarz & hellip ; of seventh international world wide web conference  
constrained example generation e michener university of massachusetts at amherst technical  
spot noise texture synthesis for data visualization jj van wijk acm siggraph computer graphics 1991.0 
trust and communicated attributions in close relationships jk rempel m ross jg holmes journal of personality and social psychology 2001.0 
channel network incision and patterns of mountain geomorphology eb safran  1998.0 
san sebastiã ¡ n ; madrid : festival internacional de cine de san sebastiã ¡ n ; filmoteca espaã ± ola 1995 . t partearroyo g la cava   
nonlinear optics of free atoms and molecules dc hanna ma yuratich d cotter  1980.0 
a first look at the results of the 1994 carnegie mellon survey of industrial r & d in the united wm cohen rr nelson j walsh unpublished manuscript  
modeling and visualization of 3d polygonal mesh surfaces using geometric algebra md zaharia l dorst submitted for  
the price of wireless shopping b machrone pc magazine  
j. : ullman . implementing data cubes efficiently v harinarayan a rajaraman proc . of acm-sigmod int â ?? l conference on management of & hellip ;  
multi-modal perception mp hollier an rimell ds hands rm voelcker bt technology journal 1999.0 
movement disorders as a manifestation of nonketotic hyperglycaemia c moores d dire journal of emergency medicine  
graphic visualization and animation of lotos execution traces b stepien l logrippo computer networks 2002.0 
a geochemical assessment of sedimentation and contamination distributions in the hudson-raritan cr olsen il larsen rh brewster nh cutshall rf md  
teaching and learning internet skills b cahoon new directions for adult and continuing education 1998.0 
renâ · ee pohlmann . viewing stemming as recall enhancement w kraaij proceedings of acm-sigir96  
the process of transformation : steps toward change . jm tarule new directions for higher education 1980.0 
keuning 1995 . 128 blz. afbn. krtn b baarn   
adoption of an organizational practice by subsidiaries of multinational corporations : institutional t kostova k roth academy of management journal 2002.0 
interrelationships between zinc and immune function pj fraker me gershwin ra good a prasad fed proc 1986.0 
dataspace : 3-d visualization of large databases v anupam s dar t leibfried e petajan proc . int &#39; l symp . information visualization  
anytime anywhere learning pilot programme : end of first phase implementation ( september 1998â ?? d passey k forsyth d hutchison a scott s reading : microsoft  
foreword kc woollard bt technology journal 1998.0 
'' lolita '' : the springboard of parody a appel jr wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
r-trees : a dynamic index structure for spatial indexing a guttman proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
lixquery : a formal foundation for xquery research j hidders p michiels j paredaens r vercammen sigmod record 2005.0 
also availabie as ibm research report rjssb7 ibm almaden research center march 1992 . mohan c. ibm m mohas3 alegre proc acm sig mod international conference on management of & hellip ;  
the child is father of the man : personality continuities from childhood to adulthood a caspi journal of personality and social psychology 2000.0 
handbuch der laplace-transformation vol . 1 g doetsch i ( birkhauser basel  
fin-syn repeal has yet to pay off d mermigas electronic media  
improved histograms for selectivity estimation of range predicates proc . of the 1996 acm sigmod v poosala ye ioannidis pj haas ej shekita  1996.0 
smiths ` sea fishes mm smith pc heemstra  1986.0 
promulgating statements of student rights and responsibilities ae bayer new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
'' four quartets '' : setting love in order ak weatherhead wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1962.0 
ibm 8265 atm backbone switch software architecture h alaiwan computer networks 1999.0 
turbocharger motorâ ?? generator for improvement of transient performance in an internal combustion j panting kr pullen rf martinez-botas proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
bibliographyon temporal databases '' md soo acm sigmod record  
use of ammophila arenaria for dune stabilization in south africa and its current distributionâ ?? um hertling environmental management 1999.0 
the first bluetooth l freed pc  
recursive and on-line graph coloring ha kierstead to  
mediamill : exploring news video archives based on learned semantics cgm snoek m worring j van gemert jm geusebroek proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
a new method for obtaining software project management rules i ramos j aguilar jc riquelme m toro software quality management-international conference -  
two-year experience with fk 506 in pediatric patients ag tzakis j reyes s todo b nour transplantation proceedings 1993.0 
self-control as limited resource : regulatory depletion patterns m muraven dm tice rf baumeister journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
mining association rules between sets of items in large databases a rakesh i tomasz s arun & hellip ; of the 1993 acm sigmod conference on management of data & hellip ;  
c f. yu '' mulfiprocessing of combinatorial search problems '' bw watt gj li ieee computer  
on temporal modeling in the context of object databases n pissinou sigmod record 1993.0 
optical metropolitan dwdm networks an overview k grobe m wiegand j mccall bt technology journal 2002.0 
as if i were dead : an interview with jacques derrida j derrida applying : to derrida 1996.0 
and dragomir r. radev dr generating summaries of multiple news articles k mckeown proceedings of  
x-ray and electron-microscope study of the first stages of precipitation in al-10 percent mg aged at m bernole r graf p guyot phil . mag. 1973.0 
percutaneous transluminal angioplasty and stenting for carotid artery stenosis lj coward rl featherstone mm brown cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
optimal allocation of a divisible good to strategic buyers . 2004 s sanghavi b hajek   
efficient phrase-based document indexing for web document clustering km hammouda ms kamel knowledge and data engineering ieee transactions on 2004.0 
investigations into the influence of roads on the genetic structure of populations of the common w reh see ref  
accommodation processes in close relationships : theory and preliminary empirical evidence ce rusbult j verette ga whitney lf slovik i journal of personality and social psychology  
a genetic algorithm to solve the timetable problem a colorni m dorigo v maniezzo submitted for publication 1993.0 
evaluation der rechnergestã 1/4 tzen bildverbesserung in der videoendoskopie von kã ¶ rperhã ¶ hlen s krã 1/4 ger f vogt w hohenberger d paulus h   
parallel processors were the future ... and may yet be . mj flynn ieee computer  
publication characteristics of randomized controlled trials in pediatric complementary and k campbell m sampson i ajiferuke d moher submitted for  
nd '' the care and feeding of vector fields w tobler & hellip ; presentation university of california santa  
a nalysis of a local-area wireless network d tang m baker proceedings of acm mobicom  
cartographic errors symptomatic of underlying algebra problems . first int wr franklin symposium on spatial data handling . zurich switzerland  
riskmetrics technical document jp morgan   
aspects of environmental awareness in england and wales : case studies tk bristow geography  
semantic analysis for video contents extractionâ ?? spotting by association in news video y nakamura t kanade proceedings of the fifth acm international conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
a case-based system for trade secrets law proceedings f : rst international conference on artijic : al el rissland kd ashley  1987.0 
hardware roundup : a look at 98 systems from 17 vendors t henkel   
our load of mutations . hj muller  1950.0 
access pathselectionina relationaldatabase management system p selinger mm astrahan dd chamberlin ra lorie proceedings of the acm-sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
criteria for evaluation of data communications services ds grubb iw cotton computer networks  
global compactness result for elliptic problems with critical nonlinearity on symmetric domains ( ma clapp at  
'' messy '' research methodological predispositions and theory development in international joint a parkhe the academy of management review 1993.0 
terrain reconstruction h schultz technical report um-cs university of massachusetts department  
physico-chemical constants of binary systems ( interscience new york 1959 ) j timmermans vol .  
spiritual dimensions of informal learning lm english new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
is cover-up charged in system kill m halper computerworld  
load balancers '' l freed hw tested pc  
characteristics and treatment of patients with heart failure in the emergency department jd welsh rm heiser mp schooler dy brockopp mb journal of emergency nursing 2002.0 
a thermal-dissipation-based approach for balancing data load in distributed hash tables s rieche l petrak k wehrle   
self-esteem and clarity of the self-concept jd campbell journal of personality and social psychology 1990.0 
final report contraves corp s kose zurich ( switzerland ) . space dept  
my personal search engine macj overmeer computer networks 1999.0 
semistructured data may 1997 p buneman tutorial sigmod  
familiarity and repetition suppression : multimodal imaging of medial temporal cortical contributions bd gonsalves i kahn t curranâ ? ¦   
yangians and their applications handbook of algebra vol . 3 ai molev elsevier to  
a query language and processor for a web-site management system m fernandez d florescu a levy d suciu   
popular medicine in hios s haviara-karahalios  1993.0 
constructive reals in coq : axioms and first order equivalence h geuvers m niqui  2001.0 
sql : 1999 formerly known as sql3 a eisenberg j melton sigmod record 1999.0 
henry roth and his novel '' call it sleep '' hu ribalow wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1962.0 
service-learning is for everybody r shumer new directions for higher education 2001.0 
beauty product sites facing channel clash s machlis computerworld  
a tsql2 tutorial rt snodgrassâ ? ¦ sigmod record 1994.0 
investigating upper bounds on network lifetime extension for cell-based energy conservation dm blough p santi proceedings of the acm/ieee international conference on & hellip ; 2002.0 
join indexes p valduriez acm tods  
t. and c. li . papadimitriou . '' an optimality theory of concurrency control for databases '' ii kung proceedings of the 1979 sigmod  
rfc 977 : network news transfer protocol b kantor   
learned helplessness : the result of uncontrollable reinforcements or uncontrollable aversive stimuli js benson kj kennelly journal of personality and social psychology  
methods of calculating lasers [ in russian ] vol . 2 bi stepanov nauka  
cost of producing a kilogram of cotton mr chaudry proceedings of the 23rd international cotton conference & hellip ;  
constrained dynamics k sundermeyer  1982.0 
the speciation and biogeography of birds : academic press i newton san diego ca  
trade unions and full employment report to the lo congress 1951 r meidner g rehnâ ? ¦ landsorganisationen i sverige  
ifo : a formal semantic database model s abiteboul r hull acm transactions on database systems 1987.0 
who supported the canada-us free trade agreement : factor or industry cleavages in trade policy ? e beaulieu unpublished manuscript  
automatic software test generation m camuffo m maiocchi m morselli information and software technology 1990.0 
fql-a functional query language pb pi re frankel acm sigmod conf . on management of  
a communication support for real-time distributed computer controlled systems f vasques   
fuel assemblies for investigating accident regimes on large-scale stands for vvã?r -1000 ã?a boltenko vs grigoryan nn kirinâ ? ¦ at .  
second sound and the thermo-mechanical effect at very low temperatures jc ward j wilks phil . mag  
a survey of some theoretical aspects of multiprocessing jl baer acm computing surveys ( csur ) 1973.0 
native xml support in db2 universal database m nicola b van der linden ca san jose proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
transmission patterns of natural and recombinant baculoviruses rs hails p hernandez-crespo sm sait ca donnelly ecology-new  
scaling up first things first : site selection and the planning year jc quint   
is fast : five optimizations in the design of an experimental database system for cad/cam m hardwick r why proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference  
review of '' web services by g. alonso f. casati h. kuno and v. machiraju '' springer-verlag 2004 d wodtke acm sigmod record 2004.0 
internet sound and video j ozer pc magazine  
database hosting in strongly-typed programming languages m bever pc lockemann acm transactions on database systems 1985.0 
total cross section for p + pâ ?? p + p + ï ? close to threshold ho meyer aip conference proceedings 1991.0 
vernetztes lernen mit digitalen medien s uellner v wulf proceedings der ersten tagung '' computergestã 1/4 tztes  
kathy alcock p geographer t geography geography 2005.0 
indexing and matching of polyphonic songs for query-by-singing system tw leung cw ngo proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
to appear in eighth international workshop on topics in astroparticle and underground physics g angloher university of washington seattle washington september  
senior executives ' use of information technology ggm pijpers t bemelmans fj heemstra information & software technology 2001.0 
difficult airway management in the emergency department sl orebaugh journal of emergency medicine 2002.0 
design of experiments using the taguchi approach : 16 steps to product and process improvement by r roy   
implementing entrepreneurial ideas : the case for intention b bird the academy of management review 1988.0 
hard-won lessons in program evaluation s michael  1993.0 
a logic for object-oriented programming ( maierâ ?? s o-logic : revisited ) m kifer j wu proc . acm sigact-sigmod symp . on principles of database & hellip ;  
brief announcement : cataclysm : handling extreme overloads in internet services b urgaonkar p shenoy   
up the creek without a paddle ? britainâ ?? s boat people ten years on v robinson geography  
causality in economics s leroy   
m '' algorithms for acychc database schemes '' y yannakakls proc vldb  
developing an ed training program : how to '' grow your own '' ed nurses ke zavotsky journal of emergency nursing 2000.0 
musa . rt-music on the spiral array . real-time e chew arj franã § ois   
foreword a iserles sp nã ¸ rsett   
investigating information systems strategic alignment ye chan sl huff proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1993.0 
a stream database for network applications c cranor t johnson o spataschek vs gigascope proceedings of the 2003 acm sigmod international conference  
software sellers line up their sites c bermant pc  
telephonic intelligibility g campbell phil . mag  
psychological interventions for non-ulcer dyspepsia ( cochrane review ) s soo p moayyedi j deeks b delaney m lewis d cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
scalability of spatial operators h kemppainen j albrecht gis lis-international conference -  
a web-based financial trading system m fan j stallaert   
dynamic environment generations for an astral process '' z dang ra kemmerer   
writing diffractive structures by optical trapping jmr fournier mm burns ja golovchenko proc . spie 1995.0 
steroid sex hormones for lower limb atherosclerosis jf price gc leng cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
xquery 1.0 : an xml query language d chamberlin j clark d florescu j robie j   
design considerations and performance optimizations for real-time orbs a gokhale i pyarali coâ ?? ryan dc schmidt v submitted to  
progress on anaerobic digestion within the framework of the ec concerted action cost 681 . am bruce & hellip ; of research and demonstration projects . elsevier applied & hellip ; 1987.0 
investigating long-range electron transfer with rigid covalently linked donor - ( norbornylogous mn paddow-row acc . chem . res  
foreword by ral foster ral foster bt technology journal 1997.0 
mcafee : new virus is first to infect image files . s costello   
characteristic changes in erythrocyte nucleotides in haemolytic anaemia with basophilic stippling of a laurence ja duley ha simmonds m layton cellular and molecular biology letters 1999.0 
'' my personal web '' : a seminar on personalization and privacy for web and converged services i fundulaki r hull b kumar d liewen a sahuguet data engineering 2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
improved histograms for selectivity estimation v poosala y ioannidis p haas e shekita proc . of acm sigmod montreal canada  
geography trade and growth : problems and possibilities for the new zealand economy p mccann   
tsql2 language specification 1994 rt snodgrass available by ftp from ftp . cs . arizona .  
robustness to jitter in real-time systems n andreff  1994.0 
'' sousveillance '' : inverse surveillance in multimedia imaging s mann proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
elder neglect assessment in the emergency department t fulmer g paveza i abraham s fairchild journal of emergency nursing 2000.0 
peer-to-peer information retrieval using self-organizing semantic overlay networks c tang z xu s dwarkadas   
the effects of varying infant peer experience on social behavior in the rhesus monkeys as chamove  1966.0 
modelling information preserving databases : consequences of the concept of time mr klopprogge pc lockemann vldb 1983.0 
aggregate-query processing in data warehousing environments agvhd quass   
genetic structure of north american birds gf barrowclough nk johnson proc . int . ornithol . congr  
37kda oncofetal antigen is an autoimmunogenic homologue of the 37kda laminin receptor precursor al barsoum jw rohrer jh coggin cellular and molecular biology letters 2000.0 
report on the first international workshop on efficient web-based information systems z lacroix o boucelma acm sigmod record 2003.0 
handbook of vegetable pests : academic press jl capinera san diego  
michael james furlong m ed  2002.0 
990 f h holding supp .  
temporal and spatial aspects of blowing dust in the mojave and colorado deserts of southern aj bach aj brazel n lancaster physical geography 1996.0 
cronquist . 1973 . a. flora of the pacific northwest c hitchcock university of washington press . seattle  
'' despair '' and the lust for immortality c rosenfield wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1967.0 
powerpc 603 ** tm microprocessor : an array built-in self test '' c hunter j slaton j eno r jessani c dietz proc . int . test conf  
marginal mentoring : the effects of type of mentor quality of relationship and program design on br ragins jl cotton js miller academy of management journal 2000.0 
e-commerce strategies j emigh computerworld  
userâ ?? s guide for cfsqp version 2.5 : ac code for solvinglarge scale ! constrained nonlinearminimax ! c lawrence jl zhou al tits md  
deriving production rules for incremental view maintainance '' s ceri j widom proc . international conference on very large data bases  
experimental data and result for camera calibration z zhang microsoft research technical report http://research . microsoft .  
formal methods design and collaborative learning in the first computer science course dr troeger new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
issues in south asia : geopolitics or geoeconomics a gupta international studies-bombay then new delhi - 1997.0 
syntaktische funktionsambiguitã $ ten im deutschen å ? ein ã?berblick m bader m meng j bayer  1999.0 
gigascope : a stream database for network applications t johnson c cranor o spatsheck v shkapenyuk proc 2003 acm sigmod international conference on management & hellip ;  
academic : new york 1978 s newman vol .  
toward a code of conduct for undergraduate teaching jm braxton ae bayer new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
join synopses for improving approximate query answers s acharya p gibbons v poosala s ramaswarmy proc . of acm sigmod conf  
java as a first language : an evaluation f hosch acm sigcse bulletin 1996.0 
how to implement an employment-focused approach to welfare reform a brown work first how-to guide manpower research demonstration & hellip ;  
on the production of acoustic waves by means of an air-jet of a velocity exceeding that of sound j hartmann phil . mag  
history of the rochester epidemiology project lj melton mayo clinic proceedings 1996.0 
document classification and interpretation through the inference of logic-based models g semeraro s ferilli n fanizzi f esposito lecture notes in computer science 2001.0 
using consultants to improve practice c knapper s piccinin new directions for teaching and learning  
press ios wotug   
sql/mm saf-005 : information technology-database languages-sql multimedia and application packages - p cotton  1999.0 
revision 3.3 xtpp definition  1988.0 
ing â ?? â ?? r-trees : a dynamic index structure for spatial searchin proc a guttman acm sigmod  
when no news is good news . j kirchner pc  
`` smart clothing '' : wearable multimedia computing and `` personal imaging '' to restore the technological s mann   
multicast routing in internetworks and extended lans se deering   
international programming for microsoft windows da schmitt  2000.0 
higher excited states of polyatomic molecules ( academic new york 1974 ) mb robin vol .  
panel : â ?? from perception to visualizationâ ?? nd gershon proc . acm siggraph computer graphics  
an implementation andperformance analysisof spatialdata access '' inproc d greene acm sigmod  
biol . 1995 252 248â ?? 262 ; c ) gr desiraju zs derewenda l lee u derewenda j mol acc . chem . res  
fate of nitrate in subsurface academic press hb pionke rr lowrance san diego  
processing temporal queries in the context of object-oriented databases l wang m wing c davis n revell information and software technology 1999.0 
broadcast news transcription in mandarin l chen l lamel g adda jl gauvain   
web sites dt der fourier-transformation i teil ii wird die acc . chem . res 2003.0 
an integrating transformation-oriented approach to concurrency control and undo in group editors m ressel d nitsche-ruhland r gunzenhauser  1996.0 
biological control agents of russian wheat aphid in syria and turkey ks pike lk tanigoshi rh miller s kornosor proceedings 6 th rwa workshop january 23 â ?? 25 1994 fort & hellip ;  
economic restructuring and black male joblessness in us metropolitan areas j johnson m oliver urban geography  
making sense and making use of feedback from focus groups r tiberius new directions for teaching and learning 2001.0 
another look at data-bases nh minsky   
queuing systems vol . 1 l kleinrock i :  
workshop report : the first international workshop on active and real-time database systems ( artdb-95 m berndtsson j hansson sigmod record 1996.0 
the problem of liberalism and the good . hs richardson see  
qualcomm-icsi-ogi features for asr a adami l burget s dupont h garudadri f grezl   
tropical corn plant population/nitrogen fertilizer . p. 17-18 gm prine & hellip ; lands agricultural research/demonstration project first year & hellip ;  
overview of the common language runtime e meijer j gough microsoft  
earthquakes and volcanic eruptions : a handbook on risk assessment h tiedemann  1992.0 
johns hopkins university press baltimore gh golub cf van loan md  
the significance of natural hazards in a developing area : a case study from north queensland j oliver geography  
physica ( utrecht ) t koopmans  1934.0 
extensible/rule based query rewrite optimization in starburst j hellerstein h pirahesh w hasan proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of  
research issues in metamodeling rg sargent proceedings of the 23rd conference on winter simulation 1991.0 
lockett f drell  1958.0 
research directions for distributed databases h garcia-molina b lindsay acm sigmod record 1990.0 
a and ochs john b. '' collaborative engineering experiences '' p van kollenburg proceedings of the 22 '' d seed annual design conference  
figure -- ground discrimination from temporal information m fahle proceedings : biological sciences 1993.0 
linking the european monetary union and the information systems strategy of financial institutions : mj pereira lv tavares   
temporal database system implementations m bã ¶ hlen acm sigmod record 1995.0 
making fast strategic decisions in high-velocity environments km eisenhardt the academy of management journal 1989.0 
ibm upgrades pen line with thinkpad 710t b brown pc magazine 1993.0 
interventions for preventing obesity in children cd summerbell v ashton kj campbell l edmunds s cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
evaluation of a limited sleep study system nj douglas   
p. dd chamberlain '' functional specifications of a sub-system for database integrity '' k eswaren proc . intl. conf . on very large databases ( sep. .  
an introduction to the theoretical aspects of coloured petri nets k jensen lecture notes in computer science 1994.0 
current best practice against computer viruses . f cohen   
implementing a sentient computing system a hopper ieee  
sql multimedia application packages ( sql/mm ) - part 2 : full-text pcisoaw draft iso/iec sc21/wg3  
gazetteer of the bombay presidency . thana volume xiii part ii jm campbell  1882.0 
learning to generate fast signal processing implementations b singer m veloso   
vol . 5 iset manuals ise integrated systems engineering ag zurich switzerland  
the racism and life experience scales sp harrell unpublished manuscript  
gender swapping on the internet a bruckman proceedings of inet 1993.0 
semi-join algorithms for multiprocessor systems p valduriez proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1982.0 
eye movement-based analyses of graphs and tables : the next generation gl lohse proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1993.0 
tax changes retirement and pensions . ad sumberg new directions for higher education 1989.0 
benchmark . michael stonebraker and jim frew and kenn gardels and jeff meredith s ts proceedings of sigmod  
reuse of components in data-intensive business programs through interface separation cdw ward ava resurreccion kh mcwatters bkt hee information and software technology 1998.0 
local scheduling techniques for memory coherence in a clustered vliw processor with a distributed e gibert j sã ¡ nchez a gonzã ¡ lez   
e-commerce applications of smart cards dm ` rahi m yung computer networks 2001.0 
swipe : the ip security protocol j ioannidis m blaze p karn to  
building self-sufficiency in pregnant and parenting teens : final implementation report of project a branch  1984.0 
relationship between subsurface geohydrologic investigation and siting of upland disposal sites / ca coch jf tavolaro water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988 & hellip ; 1988.0 
implementing a star1 chip mr greenstreet   
special libraries-how to survive in the twenty-first century r wittwer electronic library 2001.0 
application of the new production theory to construction . l koskela  1992.0 
maier 1991 : t. keller g. graefe and d. maier efficient assembly of complex objects g keller proc . acm sigmod  
informal and incidental learning vj marsick ke watkins new directions for adult and continuing education 2001.0 
marketing for electronic market places : the relevance of two '' critical points of success '' t kollmann   
software prototypingâ ?? progress and prospects dc ince s hekmatpour information and software technology 1987.0 
improvement of luminance and luminance efficiency in pdpâ ?? s driven by radio frequency pulses j kang wg jeon od kim jw song jp boeuf mh proc . int . display  
editors ' notes pj gray tw banta new directions for higher education  
