temperatures necessary to kill fungi in wood s chidester  proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the american wood - & hellip ;    
a sigma ~ 3 type condition for heavy cycles in weighted graphs s zhang   x li   h broersma discussiones mathematicae graph theory     2001.0 
gastroenteritis due to kanagawa negative vibrio parahaemolyticus lancet i     i goto   i minematsu   n ikeda   n asano   m  1987.0 
ariadne : a system for constructing mediators for internet sources ( demonstration ) proceedings of acm sigmodâ ?? 98 conference on management of & hellip ;   j ambite   n ashish   g barish   a knoblock   s minton   
multiaccess of a slotted channel using a control mini-slot l merakos   d kazakos  proc . int . conf . communications    
behavioral ecology and the evolution of hunter-gatherer societies on the northern channel islands   1998.0 dj kennett   
immunocytochemical localization ofras p21 product in thyroid follicular cells of normal rats using y mizukami   a nonomura   t hashimoto   e kawahara   s 1988.0  the histochemical journal    
modes of action of fk506   cyclosporin a   and rapamycin r morris 1994.0  transplantation proceedings    
o-linked oligosaccharide on igal hinge region in iga nephropathy . fundamental study for precise contributions to nephrology   y hiki   a horii   h iwase   a tanaka  1995.0 
australian women in it communications-acm   l von hellens   s nielsen  2001.0 
database decomposition into 4nf g grahne   k raiha 9th vldb    
a new solid subdivision scheme based on box splines proceedings seventh acm symposium on solid modeling and & hellip ;   2002.0 ys chang   kt mcdonnell   h qin   
vancomycin for prophylaxis against sepsis in preterm neonates ap craft   nn finer   kj barrington cochrane database syst rev   2000.0    
1 w 980 nm pump modules with very high efficiency b sverdlov   b schmidt   s pawlik   b mayer   c harder proc . 28th eur . conf . on optical communication    
automatic assignment of grammatical relations l lesmo   v lombardo    
commuting with delay prone buses m datar    
sane development and operation guide 1998.0 le ledray journal of emergency nursing    
general secure multi-party computation from any linear secret-sharing scheme lecture notes in computer science   r cramer   i damgard   u maurer  2000.0 
lower bounds for the weak pigeonhole principle beyond resolution   2002 a atserias   ml bonet   jl esteban & hellip ; and computation . preliminary version in proc . 28th & hellip ;      
issacâ ?? 96 : proceedings of the 1996 international symposium on symbolic and algebraic computation   yn lakshman  zurich   switzerland . acm press   new york    
interventions for encouraging sexual lifestyles and behaviours intended to prevent cervical cancer j shepherd   r weston   g peersman   iz napuli cochrane database syst rev   2000.0    
the weakest failure detectors to solve certain fundamental problems in distributed computing c delporte-gallet   h fauconnier   r guerraoui   v    
y   jiang and yk ng.â ?? record-boundary discovery in web documents   â ?? d embley proc . acm sigmod conf    
verifiable secret sharing and multiparty protocols with honest majority t rabin   m ben-or 1989.0  & hellip ; of the twenty-first annual acm symposium on theory of & hellip ;    
real estate war in cyberspace : an emerging electronic market ? k crowston   rt wigand    
out of the depths   an autobiographical study of mental disorder and religious experience . at boisen   1960.0 
mining fuzzy association rules in database mk chan   f ada   hw man sigmod record      
the transport of ciguatoxin : a case report g asaeda 2001.0  journal of emergency medicine    
hemispheric asymmetry and emotion rj davidson  approaches to emotion    
swarms : a geographic information system for desert locust forecasting see ref   k cressman   
from ternary relationship to relational tables : a case against common beliefs sigmod record   sigmod record   2002  2002.0 
adaptive implementation of internal model principle for continuous time systems g feng   
technical article : understanding performance testing 2001.0 a ching   a wagner   
bancilhon . f. & mark   r. ( 1995 ) . objects and sql : strange relations cj date   m nelson    
the perceived fairness of selection systems : an organizational justice perspective sw gilliland the academy of management review   1993.0 
read-only transactions in a distributed database h garcia-molina   g wiederhold 1982.0  acm transactions on database systems    
double dissociation between implicit and explicit personality self-concept : the case of shy behavior jb asendorpf   r banse   d mucke journal of personality and social psychology   2002.0    
266-275   v. ( 1997 ) . â ?? do n't scrap it   wrap it ! a wrapper architecture for legacy data sources.â ?? m tork roth   pm schwarz proceedings of the 23rd international conference on very    
ipsofacto : a visual correlation tool for aggregate network traffic data sigmod conference   f korn   s muthukrishnan   y zhu  2003.0 
set-oriented mining of association rules . research report rj 9567 m houtsma   a swami   1993.0 
assessing empirical approaches for analyzing taxes and labor supply t macurdy   d green   h paarschâ ? ¦  the journal of human resources   1990.0 
analysis-by-synthesis multimode harmonic speech coding at low bit rate c li   2000.0 
fast recognition of lines in digital images without user-supplied parameters a busch proceedings of    
sustainable community indicators : guideposts for local planning . community environmental council j zachary inc.   santa barbara   california      
declaration on religious liberty dignitatis humanae   n. 3 . 4 ibid . 9 ibid . n. 65 ii vatican council   
transformative learning and the urban context pl kappel   bj daley new directions for adult and continuing education   2004.0 
some observations on saint-venant 's principle . ba boley  1957.0 
a critical evaluation of the diffusion of cost and management accounting innovations d askarany   m smith   
active storage for large-scale data mining and multimedia applications e riedel   g gibson   c faloutsos    
double sylvester sums for subresultants and multi-schur functions a lascoux   p pragacz   
labour shortage aired at world it congress p thibodeau  computerworld    
toward a theory of organizational creativity rw woodman   je sawyer   rw griffin the academy of management review   1993.0    
chain : operator scheduling for memory minimization in data stream systems b babcock   s babu   m datar   r motwani 2003.0  sigmod conference    
writing secure code   2nd ed.   ser . best practices m howard   d leblanc 2003.0    
hessenberg and schur output normal pair representations a mullhaupt   ks riedel submitted for    
two major smad pathways in tgf-beta superfamily signalling 2002.0 k miyazawa   m shinozaki   t hara   t furuya   k genes to cells    
programming application for microsoft windows 1999.0 j richer   
evidence and possible causes w traffic proc . acm    
gadolinium-enhanced mri in central nervous system behã § et 's disease e erdem   r carlier   abc idir   po masnou   a  neuroradiology   1993.0 
scope grope a laplante computerworld      
andez   and d. suciu . storing semistructured data with stored a deutsch   m fern & hellip ; of the acm sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;    
extending database relations to capture more meaning e codd  acm-tods   dec    
defining data types in a database language cj date  acm sigmod record   1988.0 
missing information ( applicable and non-applicable ) in relational databases ef codd acm sigmod rec    
edwards user wins arbitration case against erp vendor mjd songini   
a web odyssey : from codd to xml v vianu   
the black-scholes option pricing problem in mathematical finance : generalization and extension to a journal de physique i   jp bouchaud   d sornette   
urban renewal in birmingham : an interim report mb steadman   pa wood  geography    
a. swami ( 1993 ) . '' mining associations between sets of items in massive databases r agrawal   t imielinski & hellip ; international conference on management of data   washington      
the paradox of success : an archival and a laboratory study of strategic persistence following pg audia   ea locke   kg smith    
java and relational databases g clossman   p shaw   m hapner   j klein   r  proceedings of 1998 acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;    
3xnf : redundancy eliminating xml storage in relations y chen   sb davidson   y zheng  submitted for  
high temperature corrosion gc wood   fh stott  proc . int . conf . nace-6    
prevalence of baseline drug resistance mutations in primary hiv infection patients from the quest v miller   l perrin   j modai san diego      
an efficient implementation of a relational data base ms furman  vldb   1985.0 
efficient concurrency control for broadcast environments j shnmugasundram   a nithrakashyap   r sivasankaran   technical report   1997-062   department of computer science    
the emerging step standard for production-model data exchange g trapp ieee computer    
semantic cache mechanism for heterogeneous web querying b chidlovskii   c roncancio   ml schneider www8 / computer networks   1999.0 
high-involvement work practices   turnover   and productivity : evidence from new zealand jp guthrie    
the incident command system : high-reliability organizing for complex and volatile task environments ga bigley   kh roberts   
philly sound park : using animation as an architectural design/presentation tool proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   c janney  1994.0 
a visual language and environment for composing web services 2005.0 n liu   j grundy   j hosking proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;    
unsupervised soccer video abstraction based on pitch   dominant color and camera motion analysis f coldefy   p bouthemy proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0    
surface and groundwater monitoring at times beach confined disposal facility   buffalo   new york 1988.0 rp leonard water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;    
reducing the branch penalty in pipelined processors dj lilja   
aflp molecular markers as a tool for genetic variability studies of rye inbred lines pt bednarek   k chwedorzewska   j kroliczak   j 1999.0  biuletyn-instytutu hodowli i aklimatyzacji roslin    
a generic approach to supporting diagram differencing and merging for collaborative design a mehra   j grundy   j hosking 2005.0  proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;    
spectrum structure for the three-dimensional periodic landau operator va geä ± ler   va margulis   ii chuchaev  algebra i analiz    
et30 '' bf4e j christ   y corlach   w von der saal   t lett acc . chem .  
recent bt patents 1999.0 mi strange bt technology journal    
a new view of v ( d ) j recombination m gellert 1996.0  genes to cells    
free energies and saint-venantâ ?? s principle in linear viscoelasricity l deseri   g gentili   jm golden submitted for  
company survey '' successful service management-trends and practices in the after-sales g burger   i hartel   m schnetzler   c rã 1/4 f  ethzbwi   zurich   switzerland    
the new oxford guide to writing . ??   1900 ts kane    
resilient logical structures for efficient management of replicated data d agrawal   a el abbadi   
incident monitoring network nears completion at   1993.0 r jackson   
characterizing task-oriented dialog using a simulated asr channel jd williams   s young submitted for publication     2004.0 
linkage analysis of fifty-seven microsatellite loci to bipolar disorder pv gejman   m martinez   q cao   e friedman neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 
non-deterministic languages to compute deterministic transformations s abiteboul   e simon   v vianu  proc . acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symp . on principles of & hellip ;    
judgment of line orientation   form h al benton   k hamsher   nr varney   o spreen  contributions to neuropsychological assessment    
monitoring database objects vldb   1989.0 t risch   
early ( < 96 hours ) corticosteroids for preventing chronic lung disease in preterm infants ( cochrane h halliday   ra ehrenkrantz cochrane database syst rev      
an overview of the emerging third-generation sql standard sigmod record   1995.0 j melton   
interactive result visualization and view management in multimedia databases   '' ks candan   e lemar   vs subrahmanian & hellip ; to the special issue of the vldb journal on multimedia & hellip ;      
phenomenon of cartilage shaping using moderate heating and its applications in otorhinolaryngology en sobol   vn bagratashvili   ap sviridov   ai omel '   
pleurodesis for malignant pleural effusions p shaw   r agarwal cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
third-generation database system manifesto   '' cad function sigmod record      
6.0 professional edition c visual microsoft corporation    
report on a trip downtown . ko doyle new directions for teaching and learning     1991.0 
'' the third-geheration/oodbms manifesto   commercial version '' frank manola gte laboratories oo databases sigmod record     1991.0 
broadband signalling-acronyms ig dufour 1998.0  bt technology journal    
taking multicultural math seriously . perspectives . cc shaw  social studies and the young learner   1993.0 
semantic caching of web queries b chidlovskii   um borghoff  the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2000.0 
cognitive science and the work of reform df halpern new directions for higher education   2002.0 
interbase : a multidatabase prototype system oa bukhres   j chen   ak elmagarmid   x liu   jg    
concept-based interactive query expansion bm fonseca   p golgher   b pã ´ ssas   b ribeiro-neto   proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0    
social motivation   self-esteem and social identity ma hogg   d abrams social identity theory : constructive and critical advances     1990.0 
high strain rate behavior in 4340 steel . private communication   the johns hopkins university   kt ramesh md    
on-line selectivity estimation for xml path expressions using markov histograms l lim   m wang   s padmanabhan   js vitter   r parr   
evaluation of remote backup algorithms for transaction processing systems h garcia-molina   c polyzois acm transactions on database systems    
effects of group identity on resource use in a simulated commons dilemma rm kramer   mb brewer 1984.0  journal of personality and social psychology    
the struggles of minority students at predominantly white universities new directions for teaching and learning   rw saufley   ko cowan   h black   
dynamically scoped functions as the essence of aop p costanza   
glossary of z notation jp bowen information and software technology      
g-csf and gm-csf for treating or preventing neonatal infections r carr   n modi   c dore cochrane database syst rev     2003.0 
transaction timestamping in ( temporal ) databases cs jensen   db lomet proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2001.0    
olap services : semiadditive measures and inventory-white paper a netz microsoft corporation      
analysis of a token ring protocol for voice transmission jw wong   pm gopal computer networks   1984.0 
self-localization in large-scale environments for the bremen autonomous wheelchair a lankenau   t rofer   b krieg-bruckner lecture notes in computer science     2003.0 
optimal control of structural vibration using a maximum principle solved numerically in the space - a bazezew   1996.0 
interventions to improve antibiotic prescribing practices for hospital inpatients p davey   e brown   l fenelon   r finch   i gould   g cochrane database syst rev     2005.0 
interactive support for non-programmers : the relational and network approaches ef codd   cj date proceedings of the 1975 acm sigfidet ( now sigmod ) workshop & hellip ;   1975.0 
data grid services for biodiversity informatics lkw leong   p coddington   a wendelborn international journal of information  
books wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   jr bryer   tj bergin jr  1967.0 
fischer black 's contributions to corporate finance financial management   sc myers  1996.0 
purchasing power parity   unit roots   and dynamic structure je pippenger   d steigerwald    
transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation for knee osteoarthritis m osiri   v welch   l brosseau   b shea   j mcgowan   p 2000.0  cochrane database syst rev    
anonymity   unobservability   and pseudonymity-a proposal for terminology 2001.0 a pfitzmann   m kohntopp lecture notes in computer science    
spatiotemporal chaos in distributed models of a reactor ns postnikov  at .  
substantial intelpost expansion predicted p hirsch  computerworld   1980.0 
an nf1 motif plays a central role in hepatitis b virus enhancer a ori   d atzmony   i haviv   y shaul virology-new york -   1994.0 
introducing microsoft dot-net ds platt   2001.0 
adaptive channel equalization using a polynomial-perceptron structure s chen   gj gibson   cfn cowan   
wk im . multimedia information management in an object-oriented database system proc . very large data bases   d woelk   
a new triple-drug induction therapy with low dose cyclosporine   mizoribine and prednisolone in renal y kokado   m ishibashi   h jiang   s takahara   t transplant proc   1989.0    
the evaluator as educator ri wise 1980.0  new directions for program evaluation    
a visual language for object-oriented databases cif doodle  proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of data    
an introduction to the win32 api . rh shaw  pc magazine    
investigation of 3-matrix quadratic assignment tests nl oden   rr sokal   
how to communicate effectively with your legislator : interviews with legislators and staffers . r white journal of emergency nursing     1992.0 
c. and daya   m. the role concept in data models bdi bachman proc . int . conf . on very large data bases   tokyo      
broadband virtual private network signalling f allard bt technology journal   1998.0 
data abstraction and transaction processing in the database programming language rapp 1990.0 jg hughes   m connolly acm press frontier series    
why software costs vary   2003 c jones unpublished manuscript . available via x @ cs . vu .    
measurement of the radiation-induced heat-up temperature of structural materials heated by igr nv gorin   yz kandiev   ai ulâ ?? yanovâ ? ¦ at .    
high-speed coating of optical fibres with thermally curable silicone resin using a pressurized die k chida   s sakaguchi   m wagatsuma   t kimura  electronic lett    
current trends and practices in social studies assessment for the early grades j alleman   j brophy  social studies and the young learner   1999.0 
current status of r & d in trusted database management systems acm sigmod record   1992.0 b thuraisingham   
optimal control of multidestination trac networks m papageorgiou   jcm banos   a messmer proc . 29th conf . on decision and control   honolulu   hawaii      
a performance study of sequential i/o on windows nt ã?ã ? 4 e riedel   c van ingen   j gray procs . of    
surfing the nanowaves : progress in understanding the gas-liquid interface . acc . chem . res   lf phillips  2004.0 
nucleocytoplasmic protein traffic and its significance to cell function y yoneda 2000.0  genes to cells    
on finite hankel transforms in sneddon phil . mag    
the passenger pigeon [ m ] aw schoger  1955.0 
le guiming . two-stage coronal transport of solar flares particles from magnetic multipolarity h yongnian proc . 28th icrc      
data on the variation in ice concentration along the okhotsk sea coast of hokkaido umi to sora   m aota   m ishikawa   
private self-consciousness   self-awareness   and the reliability of self-reports w nasby journal of personality and social psychology    
thermal generation of current in semiconductor gaps at . od kazachkovskii   
prejudice against fat people : ideology and self-interest 1994.0 cs crandall journal of personality and social psychology    
on the relation between visual and auditory signs see ref   r jakobson   
use of soil and water protection practices among farmers in three midwest watersheds tedl napier environmental management   2001.0 
grazing   graminoids and hysteresis : investigating relationships between livestock production   1995.0 da sarr   
workform processing : a model and language for parallel computation 1985.0 d cheriton   
transactions and integrity constraints 1985.0 s abiteboul   v vianu proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;    
quest for machines that think c lindquist computerworld      
integrating temporal   real-time   and active databases sigmod record   k ramamritham   r sivasankaran   ja stankovic   dt  1996.0 
a query language and optimization techniques for unstructured dataâ '' in sigmod p buneman   s davidson   g hillebrand   d suciu  san diego    
the self-sufficiency project at 36 months : effects of a financial work incentive on employment and c michalopoulos   d card   la gennetian   k harknett   2000.0    
index of subjects bound variable e williams    
response to '' remarks on two new theorems of date and fagin sigmod record   1993.0 cj date   
microsoft site server ( commerce edition ) b ojjeh    
ibcâ ?? s 2nd annual symposium on exploting enyzme technology for industrial applications x zhu   cm lewis   mc haley   mb bhatia   s pannuri   s san diego   usa    
the role of body condition on breeding and foraging decisions in albatrosses and petrels h weimerskirch  proc . int . ornithol . congr    
andg . hd suciu . aquerylanguageandoptimizationtechniques forunstructured data p buneman   s davidson proceedings of acm sigmod conference      
adaptive implementation of the internal model principle h elliott   gc goodwin proceedings of the 23rd ieee conference on decision and & hellip ;      
dopamine versus dobutamine for hypotensive preterm infants nv subhedar   nj shaw cochrane database syst rev   2003.0    
extending the scope of database services sigmod record   d bsrbsr  1993.0 
wong . m   â ?? mining fuzzy association rules in databases   â ?? c kuok   a fu  sigmod record-quarterly publication of thespecial interest & hellip ;    
private liberal arts colleges and teacher preparation . nf daly new directions for teaching and learning   1986.0    
monitoring streamsâ ?? a new class of data management applications sigmod b babcock   s babu   r motwani   m datar   
gamma-irradiation combined with ozonization as a method of decomposition of impurities in textile j perkowski   l kos environment protection engineering   1992.0 
validation of two photochemical numerical systems under complex mesoscale circulations c borrego   n barros   ai miranda   ac carvalho   mj proceedings of the 23rd nato-ccms international technical & hellip ;    
the effects of object flight variation and subject experience upon speed and accuracy of ball c bard  1973.0 
a dependability benchmark for oltp application environments 2003.0 m vieira   h madeira proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
annotating speech repairs pa heeman   j allen unpublished manuscript    
pollen : using people as a communication medium n glance   d snowdon   jl meunier 2001.0  computer networks    
maximal termsets as a query structuring mechanism b pã ´ ssas   n ziviani   b ribeiro-neto   w meira jr proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;     2005.0 
surfi ng wavelets on streams a gilbert   y kotidis   s muthukrishnan   m strauss   2001.0 
studies in bayesian confirmation theory b fitelson   2001.0 
pentium/200 buyersâ ?? guide c venezia   c metzâ ? ¦ pc magazine   december    
â ?? user access in portable radio systems in the noise limited environment rc bernhardt ieee icc â ?? 87   seattle    
the development of numerical methods for nonsmooth optimization in the ussr nz shor history of mathematical programming : a collection of & hellip ;    
fast ridgelet transforms in dimension 2 dl donoho   1997.0 
achieving a balance between mineral resources and reserves for biodiversity in the rangelands of t smurthwaite   f batini   g mai proceedings of the 25 thannual environmental workshop      
statistical methods for environmental pollution monitoring ro gilbert   
do financial incentives encourage welfare recipients to work ? : initial 18-month findings from the de card   pk robins  1996.0 
a model of conglomeratic beaches in tectonically active areas ( late pleistocene-actual   almeria   cj dabrio   jl goy   c zazo proceedings 6th ias european congress . inst . dâ ?? estudis & hellip ;      
nontapering versus tapering prednisone in acute exacerbations of asthma : a pilot trial pr verbeek   wh geerts journal of emergency medicine   1995.0 
organizational identity   image   and adaptive instability da gioia   m schultz   kg corley 2000.0  academy of management review    
stormwater treatment : biological   chemical   and engineering principles gr minton   2002.0 
panoramic image mosaics [ c ] technical report mst-tr-97-23   microsoft research   hy shum   r szeliski   
demonstration eines selbstlerntrainings fã 1/4 r computer-experten zur verbesserung der experten-laien - c winter   t block   r bromme   r jucks   r rambow  software-demonstration auf dem    
â ?? on physical lines of force . part iii . the theory of molecular vortices applied to statical jc maxwell phil . mag      
and macro international inc. zimbabwe demographic and health survey   1994 . central statistical cs office md      
josã ©   79â ?? 89 mexican identity l portillo    
. and sheila tejada . ariadne : a system for constructing mediators for internet sources ( system jl ambite   n ashish   g barish proc . of a cm sigmod conf . on management of  
ptool : a scalable persistent object manager proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   rl grossman   x qin  1994.0 
the major pathways of protein translocation across membranes k ito 1996.0  genes to cells    
some properties of jacksonâ ?? s third q-bessel function to meh ismail   
implementing a formally verifiable security protocol in java card lecture notes in computer science   2004.0 e hubbers   m oostdijk   e poll   
landau levels above the optical-phonon continumin two and three dimensions h frohlich   h pelzer   s zienau phil . mag    
efficient   dynamically structured multiprocess communication proc . 28th annual allerton conference on communication   & hellip ;   yj joung   sa smolka   
photolysis of wood microsections in the ultraviolet microscope jan scott   dai goring wood science and technology   1970.0    
gramian factoring wa gibson  unpublished  
the systems approach   incentive relations   and university management . rw backoff   bm mitnick 1981.0  new directions for higher education    
dependability of surge protective devices due to lightning flashes gl amicucci   bdâ ?? elia   g platania proc . of the 26th int . conf . on lightning protection    
the emerging potential of virtual reality in postsecondary education new directions for teaching and learning   jp randall  1992.0 
storing semistructured data with stored ad dfs   m fernandez   d suciu proc . of acm sigmod conf . on management of data   & hellip ;      
functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri ) of the spinal cord : a methodological study jcw brooks   m robson   p schweinhardt   r wise   i proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the american pain & hellip ;    
affective learningâ ?? a manifesto rw picard   s papert   w bender   b blumberg   c 2004.0  bt technology journal    
ethnicity and adaptation : the late period-cara occupation in northern highland ecuador js athens see ref      
applied speech technology 1994.0 a syrdal   r bennett   
child care and the labor supply of married women : reduced form evidence dc ribar the journal of human resources     1992.0 
schwarz p. donâ ?? t scrap it   wrap it ! a wrapper architecture for legacy data sources m tork roth  vldb [ vld97 ]  
pitch estimation and voicing detection based on a sinusoidal speech model rj mcaulay   tf quatieri   
web release date : february 24   2004 mi page acc . chem . res     2004.0 
data manager for evolvable real-time command and control systems e hughes   r ginis   b thuraisingham   p krupp   j proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1997.0    
descriptive statistics on lightning activity over italy obtained by means of the italian lightning r iorio   d ferrari proceedings of the 23rd international conference on & hellip ;    
designing component-based applications m kirtland   1999.0 
statistical decision theory and bayesian analysis jo berger 1985.0    
adaptive refinement of search patterns for distributed information gathering um borghoff   py chevalier   j willamowski    
negative information weighs more heavily on the brain : the negativity bias in evaluative journal of personality and social psychology   ta ito   jt larsen   nk smith   jt cacioppo  1998.0 
hot isostatic pressing -- a new tool in materials processing powder metallurgy alloys symposium [ abstracts ]   bombay   india & hellip ;   vs arunachalam  1980.0 
record-boundary discovery in web-documents l moorn  proc of the 1999 acm sigmod   philadelphia   pennsylvania   usa    
polym . gels : fundam . biomed r kishi   m hara   k sawahata   y osada  appl.   [ proc . int . symp . ]    
the design of an anonymous file-sharing system based on group anonymity information and software technology   s krishnan   j uhlmann   
dj and lee   prspeech recognition-making it work ' bt technology journal   ft scahill   je johnson   sh bass   ae lear   ja   
carrageenan biosynthesis js craigie   kf wong proc . int . seaweed symp      
facilitative strategies in action new directions for higher education   2001.0 tma fuller   ak haugabrook   
a problem of robust control of a system with time delay m blizorukova   f kappel   v maksimov    
explanation of a projection by balance of errors for maps applying to a very large extent of the g airy phil . mag      
tenets of vulnerability : an assessment of a fundamental disaster concept da mcentire  journal of emergency management    
a jpeg codec adaptive to region importance j zhao   y shimazu   k ohta   r hayasaka   y proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;     1997.0 
banc one checks out web : check fraud   account errors targeted with verification service computerworld   m wagner   
active storage for large-scale data mining and multimedia e riedel   g gibson   c faloutsos 1998.0  vldb    
supporting consistent updates in replicated multidatabase systems w du   ak elmagarmid   w kim   o bukhres the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;     1993.0 
redundancy m spatial databases ja orenstem  proc acm sigmod intâ ?? l conf on the management of data   & hellip ;    
on modeling of information retrieval concepts in vector spaces acm transactions on database systems   skm wong   w ziarko   vv raghavan   pcn wong  1987.0 
the development of sexual identity k edwards   ak brooks 1999.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
some statistics concerning the disturbance lines of west africa gop obasi unpublished manuscript      
extending the relational database model to capture more meaning ef codd acm transactions on database systems    
a place in history : genealogy   jewish identity   modernity re fisher 1999.0    
crosscorrelation properties of pseudorandom and related sequences proc . ieee   dv sarwate   mb pursley   
fql-a funo tional query language p buneman   re frankei proc acm sigmod int conf management of data   boston   mass    
private communication   univ aw guy  washington   seattle    
many lives to lead : the adult professional 's quest new directions for adult and continuing education   jb francis   
a simple lnre model for random character sequences s evert    
valuing it through virtual process measurement me nissen    
chain : operator scheduling for memory minimization in stream systems b brian   b shivnath   d mayur   m rajeev  proceedings   international conference on management of data & hellip ;    
towards a multimedia world-wide web information retrieval engine s mukherjea   k hirata   y hara 1997.0  www6 / computer networks    
hardcore visual basic 1997.0 b mckinney   
characterization of legume and grass residues following in vitro and in sacco ruminal digestion djr cherney   jh cherney   ah davidson proc . int . grassl . congr      
swap meet c metz pc magazine   march   2002.0    
nfrs-aware architectural evolution of component-based software proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 c tibermacine   r fleurquin   s sadou   
an invertible coniferous forest canopy reflectance model x li  ma thesis   university of california   santa barbara    
simphonyâ ?? a voice communication tool for distributed workgroups 2004.0 v lakshmipathy   c schmandt bt technology journal    
second memoir on quaternionic relativity l silberstein phil . mag    
specification and implementation of resilient   atomic data types manuscript   mit laboratory of computer sciences   b liskov   w weihl   
optimal clip ordering for multi-clip queries p shum   1996.0 
context-aware communication with live contacts gh ter hofte   raa otte   hcj kruse   m snijders    
the corporate memory concept 1995.0 s adams electronic library    
mimo spatial diversity communications-signal processing and channel capacity j sykora radioengineering-prague -   2002.0    
the stability analysis of a double barrier resonant tunneling device ( abstract only ) hp joosten   h noteborn   k kaski   d lenstra oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
for further information . jh schuster  new directions for higher education   1974.0 
export flux in the western and central equatorial pacific : zonal and temporal variability 2000.0 jp dunne   jw murray   m rodier   da hansell deep-sea research i    
on cognitive busyness : when person perceivers meet persons perceived dt gilbert   bw pelham   ds krull  journal of personality and social psychology   1988.0 
the fundamental noise limit of linear amplifiers h heffner proc . ire    
benefits of music therapy as an adjunct to chest physiotherapy in infants and toddlers with cystic mc grasso   bm button   dj allison   sm sawyer   
systematic synthesis method for analogue circuitsâ ?? part i notation and synthesis toolbox dg haigh   p radmore   
characterizing usage of a campus-wide wireless network d kotz   k essien   
implementation of imdct block of an mp3 decoder through optimization on the dct matrix m galabov    
antileukemic effect of graft-versus-host disease contributes to improved survival after allogeneic pl weiden   n flournoy   je sanders   km sullivan   ed 1981.0  transplant proc    
ec and supply chain management : towards cross-industry supply chains 2000.0 s nambisan electronic markets    
fault-injection : a crystal ball for software quality ieee computer   j voas   g mcgraw   l kassab   l voas   
lossless and nearly lossless compression for high quality images mj gormish   el schwartz   af keithâ ? ¦ 1997.0    
saflink corp. an emerging biometric api industry standard [ j ] cj tilton ieee computer    
fine structure of capillary and endocapillary layer as revealed by ruthenium red jh luft fed proc   1966.0 
evaluation of remote backup algorithms for transaction-processing systems ca polyzois   h garcia-molina acm transactions on database systems   1994.0 
e. ; schilling   f. c ae tonelli acc . chem . res    
education and citizenship in diverse societies 2001.0 c kukathas international journal of educational research    
object-oriented query language facilitating construction of new objects r alhajj   me arkun 1993.0  information and software technology    
seven issues '' : revisited . closing plenary address proceedings of acm hypertext   fg halasz   
enabling technologies for electronic commerce g kappel   w retschitzegger   b schrã ¶ der    
functional assessment in alzheimerâ ?? s disease ( abstract ) . 16 annu meet can coll l gauthier   s gauthier   m mcintyre montreal   canada   june    
confronting students ' beliefs and values in introductory philosophy . wn whisner new directions for teaching and learning   1984.0    
separation of concerns : overhead in modeling and efficient simulation techniques g yang   a sangiovanni-vincentelli   y watanabe   f    
ã cents â ? ¬ å?virtual clock : a new traffic control algorithm for packet switching networks   ã cents â ? ¬ â ? in l zhang proc . of acm  
developing a high traffic   read-only web site j nauman   r suorsa   
usability wars r raskin pc magazine   1993.0 
surveying midlife development in the united states og brim   dl featherman unpublished manuscript      
nakagawa . m. ; hino   t acc . chem . res   i saito   t matsuura   
â ?? extending the scope of database services d barbara  acm sigmod record   1993.0 
tri-service site characterization and analysis penetrometer system ( scaps ) validation at lake city unpublished technology demonstration plan   vicksburg   ms   usaewe station   
toxic site of action in distal axonopathies he lowndes   t baker see ref      
ã cents â ? ¬ å?data networks as cascades : investigating the multifractal nature of internet wan trafficã cents proc . of acm a feldmann   ac gilbert   w willinger   
plasma spray technology process parameters and applications 1991.0 kp sreekumar   j karthikeyan   pv ananthapadmanabhan   
replicated data management in distributed database systems sh son sigmod record     1988.0 
towards a benchmark for the evaluation of software testing techniques j miller   m roper   m wood   a brooks 1995.0  information and software technology    
contentious politics in complex societies m giugni   f passy from contention to democracy   1998.0 
application of a statistical in the data processing   2âª asamblea hispano-portuguesa de geodesia y a venedikov   j arnoso   r vieira  2000.0 
effects of landslide-dam-break floods on channel morphology : unpublished ms ac johnson  1991.0 
keeping your private information private pc magazine   b glass   
improving the start-up of a congestion control scheme for tcp proc . acm sigcommâ ?? 96   jc hoe   
development of an mpd thruster system for epex space test proceedings of the 23rd international electric propulsion k toki   y shimizu   k kuriki   h suzuki   y kunii   
man-machine communication . c meadow 1970.0    
phenomena-a visual query language for continuous fields procs of acmgis r laurini   l paolino   m sebillo   g tortora   g   
ecdeu assesment manual for psychopharmacology   revised edn . us dept of health   education and welfare w guy  md    
efficient concurrency control for broadcast environments j shanmugasundaram   a nithrakashyap   r sigmod conference     1999.0 
evidence that the conformation of the actomyosin complex with bound adp . pi ( the am adp . pi state ) s xu   
ballantine books m pipher   
the boulder optimal logic design system proc . iccad   d bostick   gd hachtel   r jacoby   mr lightner   p   
adenocarcinoma of the uterine cervix associated with pregnancy : a retrospective 10-year cl cook-glenn   s keyhani-rofagha    
a realization of a concurrent object-oriented programming language ch jo   cj lee   j son proc . acm symposium on applied computing      
distributed ada : case study information and software technology   ra volz   p krishnan   r theriault  1991.0 
a review of wildlife management practices in north dakota : effects on nongame bird populations and g berkey   r crawford   s galipeau   d johnson   d  report submitted to region    
enhancing organisational creativity : the process of perpetual challenging 2000.0 c andriopoulos   a lowe management decision    
polymorphic versus monomorphic flow-insensitive points-to analysis for c js foster   m fahndrich   a aiken 2000.0  lecture notes in computer science    
communications skills training intergenerational innovations   seattle   washington   c chambers   
calcium channel blockers for acute traumatic brain injury 2000.0 j langham   c goldfrad   g teasdale   d shaw   k rowan cochrane database syst rev    
implications of classical scheduling results for real-time systems ja stankovic   
the psychology of interpersonal relations f heider   
an empirical evaluation of defect testing techniques m roper   m wood   j miller information and software technology    
if it changes it must be a process : study of emotion and coping during three stages of a college s folkman   rs lazarus journal of personality and social psychology   1985.0    
fortran interface to x. 25 and transport service . g andreoni  computer networks   1984.0 
dipivalyl epinephrine ( dpe ) : a new prodrug in the treatment of glaucoma see ref   ai mandell   sm podos   
decoding genetics and molecular biology : sharing the movies in our heads m zolan   s strome   r innes new directions for teaching and learning   2004.0 
determination of as   cd   and pb in foodstuff by gfaas me soares   ml bastos   f carvalho   m ferreira at . spectrosc      
major symphony orchestra labor relations le lunden 1967.0    
tools for datalog boundedness gg hillebrand   pc kanellakis   hg mairson   my vardi 1991.0  proceedings of the tenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ;    
entropy interpretation of active and passive learning controllers fa casiello   ka loparo submitted for  
effect of hot rolling conditions on the mechanical properties of very low carbon ti-bearing cold tetsu-to-hagne   s sayanagi   
research directions in biodiversity informatics jl schnase proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2000.0 
italian electronic identity card - principle and architecture proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   m gentili  2001.0 
oo   what 's happening to db2 ? m carey   d chamberlin proc . acm sigmod int &#39; l conf . management of data   1999.0 
multiple audience problem : a strategic communication perspective on social perception jh fleming   jm darley   jl hilton   ba kojetin journal of personality and social psychology     1990.0 
the diamond mines of panna state in central india 1930.0 kp sinor   
capsaicin-sensitive nerves in the control of vascular effector mechanisms p holzer  see wood    
the statistical analysis of failure time data jd kalbeisch   rl prentice  new york    
storyof programming languages tj bergin jr   rg gibson jr  1996.0 
panel : real-time databases proc . of the 17th intl. vldb conf.   barcelona   september   k ramamritham   
the active database system manifesto : a rulebase of adbms features kr dittrich   s giatziu   a geppert  proc . ( rids )   athens   greece   september    
models and issues in data streams b babcock   s babu   m datar   r motwani   j widom proc . 21st acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symp . principles of & hellip ;    
faculty development practices . 1977.0 ja centra new directions for higher education    
the evolution of polyandry ii : post-copulatory defences against genetic incompatibility ja zeh   dw zeh proceedings : biological sciences   1997.0 
comparing open and uml : the two third-generation oo development approaches b henderson-sellers   d firesmith information & software technology   1999.0    
bw   and watson   v. system r relational approach to database management mm astrarlan   mw blasgen   dd chamberlin   kp  acm trans database syst    
characterizing web usage regularities with information foraging agents j liu   s zhang   j yang ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
assessing practices in innovation-oriented knowledge management : a process-based approach m inganã $ s   f hacklin   c marxt & hellip ; international conference on management of technology   vienna & hellip ;    
violence in the it workplace r garner computerworld      
american association of physicists in medicine presidentâ ?? s symposium je rogers   p torp  2003.0 
toward a general spatial data model for an object-oriented dbms   12th int f manola   ja orenstein  conf . on very large data bases    
a query language and optimization techniques for unstructured data . university of pennsylvania   p buneman   s davidson   g hillebrand   d suciu technical report ms-cis 96-09      
phonetic alphabet for speech recognition of czech radioengineering-prague -   j nouza   j psutka   j uhlir  1997.0 
ownership structure   charter value   and risk-taking behavior for thrifts as cebenoyan   es cooperman   ca register    
application of the landsat data collection system in alaska & hellip ; telemetering conference   washington   d. c   proceedings   dm anderson   hl mckim  1975.0 
software risk management and insurance o raz   m shaw   
supplypoint : electronic procurement using virtual supply chains-an overview s kerridge    
conformance analysis in networks with service level agreements y liu   ck tham   y jiang   y liu   ck tham   y jiang 2005.0  computer networks    
â ?? current state-of-the-art of integrated thermal and lighting simulation and future issues . m janak   i macdonald   
antibiotics to prevent complications following dental implant treatment 2003.0 m esposito   p coulthard   r oliver   p thomsen   hv cochrane database syst rev    
interactive support for non-programmers ef codd proc . acm sigmod workshop on data description   access and    
nearly insensitive bounds on smart scheduling a wierman   m harchol-balter   t osogami    
microsoft christens cut-rate windows as â ?? xp starter editionâ ?? mj foley microsoft watch    
clip : common lisp instrumentation package dl westbrook   sd anderson   dm hart   pr cohen technical report 94-26   university of massachusetts at amherst      
size-class structure of contiguous riparian woodlands along a rocky mountain river wl baker physical geography      
corba : des concepts a la pratiqueâ ?? collection intereditions   editions masson   paris   france   1997 j geib   c gransart   p merle   
procol : a parallel object language with protocols 1989.0 j van den bos   c laffra acm sigplan notices    
the deubiquitinating enzyme fam interacts with and stabilizes beta-catenin s taya   t yamamoto   m kanai-azuma   sa wood   k genes to cells     1999.0 
a principle in coastal geomorphology j challinor geography    
xpathlearner : an on-line self-tuning markov histogram for xml path selectivity estimation l lim   m wang   s padmanabhan   js vitter   r parr vldb   2002.0 
pccts reference manual ( version 1.00 ) tj parr   hg dietz   we cohen 1992.0  acm sigplan notices    
aerosol-cloud-climate interactions 1academic pv hobbs san  
courting the court : social visions   state authority   and the religious law conflict in israel pj woods 2001.0    
reduced osmolarity oral rehydration solution for treating dehydration caused by acute diarrhoea in s hahn   s kim   p garner cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
domestication of camera phone and mms communications : the italian youth experiences b scifo procs . t-mobile conference    
critical questions about multicultural big books in the early childhood classroom . pull-out feature . 1995.0 eh rowell social studies and the young learner    
polymorphic type inference d leivant proceedings of the 10th acm sigact-sigplan symposium on & hellip ;     1983.0 
managerial fads and fashions : the diffusion and rejection of innovations e abrahamson  the academy of management review   1991.0 
back to eden   5th edn . ( 1939 ) reprinted by lifeline books   santa barbara   california ( 1975 j kloss   
segmentation du son en se basant sur la distance de kullback leibler h harb   l chen   jy auloge  proceedings of the 7ã ¨ mes journã © es d &#39; ã?tudes et d &#39; ã?changes & hellip ;    
site redesigns keepit simple s machlis  computerworld    
an odyssey of teacher assessment : 1986-1990 ls shulman  1990.0 
applications . ( 3 ) i   ii discussion   demonstration   practice of fitness concepts and pf concepts   
workplace basics in the 1990s : critical issues and promising practices new directions for adult and continuing education   sw folinsbee  1995.0 
on sending artifact in search of artifact : reply to mcdonald   harris   and maher dm wegner   t giuliano journal of personality and social psychology   1983.0    
identity negotiation : where two roads meet wb swann 1987.0  journal of personality and social psychology    
violence against emergency nurses journal of emergency nursing   d dalphond   m gessner   e giblin   k hijazzi   c love   
channel-aware schedulers for voip and mpeg-4 based on channel prediction acc aguiar   c hoene   j klaue   h karl   a wolisz   h at momuc      
investigating classroom cultures . social studies and the young learner   fw sesow  1992.0 
cooperation among technical specialists in a distributed computing environment k eschenfelder   s sawyer   r heckman    
spectral difference method for unstructured grids i : basic formulation y liu   m vinokur   zj wang   
classification of modality function and its application to japanese language analysis s naito   a shimazu   h nomura proceedings of the 23rd conference on association for & hellip ;     1985.0 
â ?? linear programming : the story about how it began . gb dantzig history of mathematical programming : a collection of  
macrolides for chronic asthma l richeldi   g ferrara   l fabbri   pg gibson cochrane database syst rev     2002.0 
ariadne : a system for constructing mediators for internet sources jl ambite   n ashish   g barish   ca knoblock   s  sigmod conference   1998.0 
a phonological model of intonation for use in speech synthesis by rule dr ladd  procs european conference on speech technology    
hydroinformaticsâ ?? 96 isbn   a mueller   
facilitating a faculty learning community using the decoding the disciplines model j middendorf new directions for teaching and learning     2004.0 
in memory of seymour ginsburg 1928-2004 acm sigmod record   2005.0 s abiteboul   r hull   v vianu   
it women in silicon valley k melymuka computerworld      
the lumi-graph   siggraphâ ?? 96 sj gortler   r grzeszczuk   r szeliski   mf cohen proceedings of the 23rd annual conference on computer & hellip ;      
contribution to the theory and implementation of a magnetic cooling cycle with new thermal switches h quack & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule   zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ;     1974.0 
comparison of cognitive-behavioral therapy and clonazepam for treating periodic limb movement jd edinger   ai fins   rj sullivan   gr marsh   ds 1996.0  sleep-new york -    
fractional difference quotients along vector fields and applications to second order submitted for a domokos   
electronic reader sorts mail ai tersoff electronic industries      
16th ieee pv spec y kuwano   m ohnishi   h nishiwaki   s tsuda   t conference   san diego    
tacit knowledge as a promoter of success in technology firms ku koskinen   
the atm forum 's private network/network interface bt technology journal   1998.0 jm scott   ig jones   
polymorphic dna markers in prenatal diagnosis of fragile x syndrome lancet i   1985.0   jl mandel   mg mattei   jf mattei   
synthesizing third normal form relations from functional dependencies pa bernstein acm transactions on database systems   1976.0    
elementary number theory . e landau   
financing liberal education in america : public and private responsibilities . sr baum new directions for higher education   1994.0    
distributed linear hashing and parallel projection in main memory databases 1990.0 c severance   s pramanik   p wolberg vldb    
method-ism in practice : investigating the relationship between method and understanding in web page ea whitley   
ch . perlot   j. rigaudy   and r. schmidt jm aubry  acc . chem . res    
encoding   decoding and storing melodies for a data base of renaissance polyphony : a progress report hb lincoln vldb      
the active database management system manifesto : a rulebase of adbms features sigmod record   a consorcium   
water supply and environmental health y muslu  istanbul technical university   istanbul    
ruptured hemidiaphragm : unusual late presentation ew cameron   se mirvis journal of emergency medicine   1996.0    
reconfiguring the leadership envelope : teaching and administration . new directions for adult and continuing education   jf donaldson  1992.0 
an efficient and resilient approach to filtering and disseminating streaming data sssdk ramamritham    
multistrategy ensemble learning : reducing error by combining ensemble learning techniques 2004.0 z zheng ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering    
a bayesian decision model for cost optimal record matching vs verykios   gv moustakides   mg elfeky the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
your crystal ball . computerworld   rl mitchell   
colonial precedents of our national land system as it existed in 1800 ac ford  1910.0 
a history of system r and sql/data system ( invited paper ) dd chamberlin   am gilbert   ra yost  vldb    
low-rate speech coding based on the sinusoidal model advances in speech signal processing   rj mcaulay   tf quatieri  1992.0 
worst-case complexity analysis of methods for logic query implementation a marchetti-spaccamella   a pelaggi   d sacca proceedings of the sixth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ;     1987.0 
experimental evaluation of real-time optimistic concurrency control schemes vldb   j huang   ja stankovic   k ramamritham   df towsley  1991.0 
boston to a paterson   is groupoids   b their operator   
metalloporphyrines as active site analogues-lessons from enzymes and enzyme models . wd woggon 2005.0  acc . chem . res    
a model to simulate carbon emission rights trade : purpose and features of the cert model and r kappel   p staub eidgenã ¶ ssische technische hochschule   zurich   switzerland      
violence against wives re dobash   rp dobash  new york    
hypermedia   multimedia and hypertext . definitions and overview 1993.0 h bornman   sh von solms electronic library    
best practices in patient safety education g almgren   s dippery   p esselmanâ ? ¦  seattle   university of washington    
the sabermetric manifesto d grabiner   
ebb-flood channel systems in sandy bays and estuaries geography   ahw robinson   
requiem for large-scale models 1975.0 db lee jr acm sigsim simulation digest    
federated youth foundation scholarship award aa form   
restoration of local degradations in audio signals m brejl radioengineering-prague -     1996.0 
customized internet radio www9 / computer networks   2000.0 v krishnan   sg chang   
aaai-94 workshop knowledge discovery in databases um fayyad   r uthurusamy  seattle   washington    
optimal routing in systems with ilr service time distributions d towsley   pd sparaggis   1993.0 
ship shadowing : model and data comparisons ws helliwell   gn sullivan   b macdonald   kj voss  proceedings of spie   2005.0 
resilient peer-to-peer streaming pa chou   vn padmanabhan   hj wang  technical report msr-tr-2003-11   microsoft research   redmond   wa  
the algal turf community in the nest of the ocean goldfish   hypsypops rubicunda ms foster proc . int . seaweed symp    
the power of dominance relations in branch-and-bound algorithms 1977.0 t ibaraki journal of the acm ( jacm )    
on the implementation of bayes-optimal generalizers d wolpert   p stolorz  1992.0 
separation of variables and the efficient computation of fourier transforms on finite groups   i d maslen   d rockmore submitted for  
efficient checking sequences for testing finite state machines k inan   h ural information and software technology   1999.0    
combinatorial auctions for supply chain formation mp wellman   we walsh   f ygge proc . of acm ec      
an adaptive web site for the um2001 conference e schwarzkopf    
d. suciu storing semistructured data with stored a deustsch   m fernandez  sigmod int &#39; s conf . on management of data    
metabolism of vasopressin l share   t kimura   k matsui   re shade   jt crofton fed proc     1985.0 
charney . d.   wojahn   p.   & kim . l. ( 1994 ) . distributed collaborative writing : a comparison of spoken c neuwirth   r chandhok  proceedings ofthe acm chi  
demonstration of hydrolases z lojda  & hellip ;   papousek   f. : histochemical demonstration of enzymes . brno & hellip ;    
subject-matter differences in secondary schools : connections to higher education 1995.0 ss stodolsky   pl grossman new directions for teaching and learning    
william kentâ ?? s reply to the universal relation revisited w kent acm transactions on database systems      
sa   methodologies for the design of negotiation protocols for e-markets computer networks   m bichler   
tissue concentrations of clozapine and its metabolites in the rat rj baldessarini   f centorrino   jg flood   sa 1993.0  neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -    
multinet : connecting to multiple ieee 802.11 networks using a single wireless card v bahl   p bahl   r chandra   
entropic discretization of a quantum drift-diffusion model s gallego   f mehats submitted for  
optimization techniques for unstructured data p buneman   s davidson   g hillebrand   d suciu   a proc . of sigmod   san diego    
stankovic . on real-time transactions 1988.0 a john   
a newly emerging customer premises paradigm for delivery of network-based services dl waring   kj kerpez   sg ungar computer networks      
information literacy : overcoming barriers to implementation dw farmer  new directions for higher education   1992.0 
video transmission using 3d wavelet transforms as lewis   g knowles electronic letters    
â ?? programming microsoft visual c++ 5th edition â ?? microsoft dj kruglinskiâ ? ¦   
r   bagrodia   a. lee   and m. gerla   â ?? impact of channel models on simulation of large scale wireless proceedings of acm/ieee m takai   
ballantine books m thompson    
integrating data mining with sql databases : ole db for data mining & hellip ;   2001 . proceedings . 17th international conference on   a netz   s chaudhuri   u fayyad   j bernhardt  2001.0 
on the performance of orthogonal source separation algorithms jf cardosoâ ? ¦   
record-boundary discovery in web documents y jiang  1998.0 
link prediction and path analysis using markov chains www9 / computer networks   2000.0 rr sarukkai   
load mitigation in cellular data networks by peer data sharing over wlan channels computer networks   k lee   y ko   t nandagopal   
data structure for association rule mining : t-tree and p-trees . ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   f coene   p leng   s ahmed   
attending physician coverage in a teaching hospital 's emergency department : effect on malpractice journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 s press   sa russell   jc cantor   e jerez   
optimal clip ordering for multi-clip queries vldb journal   tn raymond   s paul   
issues and approaches for migration/cohabitation between legacy and new systems r nassif   d mitchusson    
a consideration on normal form of not-necessarily-normalized relation in the relational data model a makinouchi vldb   1977.0 
efficient memory-reference checks for real-time java a corsaro   rk cytron    
structure and function of the glycocalyx s ito 1969.0  fed . proc    
xml raises concerns as it gains prominence sj vaughan-nichols    
the interpersonal theory of psychiatry hs sullivan    
concept 2010 bt technology journal   djt heatley   ib cockburn   ft lyne   ak williamson    1997.0 
robby   and h. zheng . tool-supported program abstraction for finite-state verification m dwyer   j hatcliff   r joehanes   s laubach   c proceedings of the 23rd international conference on software    
putting petri nets to work t agerwah ieee computer    
mastering test generation from smart card software formal models f bouquet   b legeard   f peureux   e torreborre    
effective reformulations for task allocation in distributed systems with a large number of 2004.0 s menon knowledge and data engineering   ieee transactions on    
data mining in economics   finance   and marketing hc jessen   g paliouras    
characterizing the applicability of classification algorithms using meta-level learning lecture notes in computer science   1994.0 p brazdil   j gama   b henery   
the teaching assistant 's point of view . j boehrer   e sarkisian  new directions for teaching and learning   1985.0 
critical chain project scheduling : do not oversimplify project management journal   w herroelen   r leus   e demeulemeester  2002.0 
war   gender and religion in tenth-century england : struggles for identity in anglo-saxon texts j grossman   1996.0 
the pho 85 kinase   a member of the yeast cyclin - dependent kinase ( cdk ) family   has a regulation m nishizawa   k suzuki   m fujino   t oguchi   a toh-e  genes to cells   1999.0 
programming windows 3.1   microsoft press books - c petzold   
prophylactic oral antifungal agents to prevent systemic candida infection in preterm infants cochrane database syst rev   nc austin   b darlow  2004.0 
kamath m   ramamritham k   towsley d ( 1994 ) buffer management for continuous media sharing in m kamath technical report 94-11 . university of massachusetts   amherst    
water quality problems in baltic coastal waters : the odra river as a source of human pathogenic g schernewski   t huttula   wd jã 1/4 lich   v podsechin      
view management in multimedia databases ks candan   e lemar   vs subrahmanian the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2000.0    
evaluating behavioural change in transportâ ?? a case study of individualised marketing i ker   b james proceedings of the 23rd australasian transport research & hellip ;      
a snapshot of public web services j fan   s kambhampati sigmod record   2005.0    
work allocation challenges and solutions in a large-scale work management environment 1995.0 r laithwaite bt technology journal    
objects and sql ( panel session ) : strange relations ? proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1995.0 dr deutsch   
performance expectation versus reality 1997.0 lp van speybroeck   d jerius   rj edgar   tj gaetz   p proc . spie    
refining initial points for km clustering p bradley   um fayyad  microsoft technical report 98-36   may  
database machines syw su   pb berra   p fisher   h chang   s schuster   g 1978.0  proceedings of the 1978 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
the computational projection of ansa aj herbert acm press frontier series   1990.0 
magic sets and other strange ways to implement logic programs ( extended abstract ) f bancilhon   d maier   y sagiv   jd ullman 1985.0  proceedings of the fifth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;    
three approaches to the study of psychotherapy : process   outcome and change . tm tomlinson 1963.0    
operator scheduling in data stream systems b babcock   s babu   m datar   r motwani   d thomas  the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
to double business bound . new directions for higher education   jz smith  1994.0 
handling fuzzy priority rules in a job-shop scheduling system 3rd ifsa   seattle   washington   usa . august   g bel   e bensana   d dubois   jl koning   
applying traits to the smalltalk collection classes ap black   n scharli   s ducasse    
towards a richer web object model . acms anthology sigmod record     1998.0 
the history of mental hygiene a deutsch see ref      
implicationsof classical scheduling results for realtimesystems k ramamritham   ja stankovic ieee  
image filter design with evolvable hardware lecture notes in computer science   l sekanina  2002.0 
end-user development of expert systems : emerging technologies s wells   t guimaraes  & hellip ; resources management association international conference    
a structural english query language proc . acm sigmod workshop   ann arbor   mich.   may   dd chamberlin   rfs boyce   
swiss re energy charter 1995.0 s re   
warping indexes with envelope transforms for query by humming 2003.0 y zhu   d shasha sigmod conference    
techniques and experiments illustrating drug metabolism gg gibson   p skett introduction to drug metabolism    
a system for detecting network intruders in real-time ( 1998 ) pv bro computer  
ande . ruf . specializing shaders proceedings of acm b guenter   tb knoblock   
calcium supplementation on bone loss in postmenopausal women cochrane database syst rev   b shea   g wells   a cranney   n zytaruk   v robinson     
displacement estimation by hierarchical block matching m bierling proc . spie   1988.0 
web site data sheet name : emre biringen city   state   country : c info   2003.0 
murine monoclonal anti-idiotypic antibodies directed against human anti-alphagal antibodies prevent e koren   fa neethling   m kujundzic   t kobayashi   s transplant proc     1996.0 
game-theoretical control problems nn krasovskii   ai subbotin  1987.0 
the general use of tying in phoneme-based hmm speech recognisers sj young    
nurturing an ethos of community engagement j berberet  new directions for teaching and learning   2002.0 
function-class decomposition : a hybrid software engineering method ck chang    
the chamois component-based knowledge engineering framework w kim   kj chae   
integration of data mining and relational databases a netz   s chaudhuri   j bernhardt   u fayyad proc . 2000.0    
an overview of the iso/vdm-sl standard acm sigplan notices   n plat   pg larsen  1992.0 
state concerns for learning : quality and state policy . j stevens   bd hamlett new directions for higher education   1983.0 
zhao-x ; castelluccia-c ; baker-m proc . ieee/acm x zhao   
modeling of chemical vapor deposition reactors kf jensen proceedings of 9th international conference on c < d      
peptides 1998 in bajusz   s. and hudecz   f. c mader   d young   b bray proceedings of the 25 theuropean peptide  
the power of methods with parallel semantics k denninghoff   v vianu 1991.0  vldb    
bound and scattering states in the heisenberg ferromagnet & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule   zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ;   1973.0 jf perez   
efficacy of sane evidence collection : a minnesota study 1997.0 le ledray   k simmelink journal of emergency nursing    
central nervous system involvement in childhood brucellosis h caksen   d odabas   s arslan   af oner  journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 
a concurrency control protocol for read-only transactions in real-time secure database systems h han   s park   c park    
compound markov mixture models with applications in finance j geweke   g amisano unpublished manuscript     2003.0 
solubility of pt and pd sulfides and au metal in aqueous bisulfide solutions . ii p pan   sa wood results at    
on longest cycles in a balanced bipartite graph with ore type condition i a kaneko   k yoshimoto   
navajo education in action : the rough rock demonstration school ra roesselâ ? ¦   1977.0 
on the phaenomena presented by light in its passage along the axes of biaxial crystals h lloyd phil . mag    
emerging pricing strategies on the web : lessons from the airline industry s klein  electronic markets   2003.0 
the impact of charter schools on academic achievement unpublished manuscript   2002.0 ea hanushek   jf kain   sg rivkin   
riding the crest of a protest wave ? collective action frames in the gay liberation movement   1969 - mobilization-san diego -   s valocchi  1999.0 
antistreptococcal interventions for guttate and chronic plaque psoriasis 2000.0 cm owen   rj chalmers   to ` sullivan   ce griffiths cochrane database syst rev    
best practices for enculturation : collegiality   mentoring   and coaching new directions in higher education   p boyle   r boice   
on the correlation between code coverage and software reliability f del frate   p garg   ap mathur   a pasquini    
the distribution of calcium in undecalcified bone as revealed by an improved pyro-antimonate method the histochemical journal   1992.0 s kawamata   
multilevel atomicity -- a new correctness criterion for database concurrency control na lynch  acm transactions on database systems   1983.0 
springnet : a scalable architecture for high performance   predictable   distributed   real-time of massachusetts   technical report   91-74   october j stankovic   
detailed information about parasites revealed by sexual ornamentation 1992.0 c wedekind proceedings : biological sciences    
fk506 : historical perspectives transplant proc   t goto   t kino   h hatanaka   m okuhara   m kohsaka    1991.0 
extending the database relational model to capture more meaning ef codd acm transactions on database systems   1979.0    
linking school and work for disadvantaged youths wa diaz   j ball   c wolfhagenâ ? ¦ the yiepp demonstration : final implementation  
formal development in b abstract machine notation information and software technology   k lano   h haughton  1995.0 
kameyamam . asynchronousmultiple-valued vlsi system based on dual rail currentmode differential logic t hanyu   t saito  proc 28th ieee ismvl    
forum closing panel rf rosin  history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   1996.0 
the effects of involvement on responses to argument quantity and quality : central and peripheral re petty   jt cacioppo journal of personality and social psychology    
education for computer professionals dl parnas  ieee computer    
prophylaxis against hcv recurrence after liver transplantation : effect of interferon and ribavirin v mazzaferro   e regalia   a pulvirenti   a tagger   s  transplantation proceedings   1997.0 
inside microsoft visual basic   scripting edition microsoft programming series   s hillier  1996.0 
large-eddy simulation of a blu-body ow on unstructured grids s camarri   mv salvetti   b koobus   a dervieux submitted for publication     2001.0 
english text : reply to faustus the manichaean . translated by r. stothert cf manichaeum   
answering imprecise queries over web databases u nambiar   s kambhampati proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0    
ecological consequences of shallow-water hydrothermal venting along the el requesã ³ n fault zone   mj forrest   a melwani & hellip ; general meeting abstracts with programs   seattle   washington & hellip ;    
microbial and enzymatic degradation of wood and wood components 1990.0 ke eriksson   ra blanchette   p ander   
rupture of a previously normal spleen in association with enoxaparin : an unusual cause of shock md burg   jj dallara journal of emergency medicine     2001.0 
efficiellt concurrency control for broadcast environmqmts univ j shanmugasundaramâ ? ¦ of massachusetts technical report    
responding to success and failure . new directions for adult and continuing education   1991.0 h mills   
nuclear power plant with bn-600 reactor ai leipunskii   ii afrikantov   is golovninâ ? ¦  at .  
object-oriented modelling of hyperstructure : overcoming the static link deficiency h maurer   n scherbakov   k andrews   p srinivasan information and software technology    
the worldinfo assistant : spatio-temporal information integration on the web jl ambite   ca knoblock   mr kolahdouzan   m muslea   proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2001.0    
investigating the capture   integration and access problem of ubiquitous computing in an educational gd abowd   cg atkeson   j brotherton   t enqvist   p    
methods and application of phonetic label alignment in speech processing tasks j nouza   m myslivec  radioengineering-prague -   2000.0 
individual differences in anterior brain asymmetry and fundamental dimensions of emotion 1992.0 aj tomarken   rj davidson   re wheeler   rc doss journal of personality and social psychology    
the evolution of customer middleware requirements jm deutsch  parallel and distributed information systems   1994.   & hellip ;    
sol-gel glass solid state lasers doped with organic molecules c whitehurst   dj shaw   ta king    
work hardening of dispersion-hardened crystals mf ashby phil . mag      
concurrency control in database structures with relaxed balance o nurmi   e soisalon-soininen   d wood  proceedings of the sixth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ;   1987.0 
large-scale structures in rayleighâ ?? benard convection and flow over waves 2001.0 a gunther   
misperception of exponential growth and the psychological magnitude of numbers wa wagenaar see wegener      
data base decomposition in a hierarchical computer system portal.acm.org    
fundamental algorithms on reconfigurable meshes s olariu   jl schwing   j zhang proc . 29th ann . allerton conf . comm.   control   and computing      
typing dynamic typing ai baars   sd swierstra   
best practices for the prevention and treatment of venous leg ulcers b kunimoto   m cooling   w gulliver   p houghton   h   
oo   what have they done to db2 ? mj carey   dd chamberlin   s narayanan   b vance   d proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ;   1999.0    
the attribution of blame : causality   responsibility   and blameworthiness 1985.0 kg shaver   
surfing wavelets on streams : one-pass summaries for approximate aggregate queries vldb   2001.0 ac gilbert   y kotidis   s muthukrishnan   m strauss   
from actuarial to financial valuation principle m schweizer proc . 7th afir colloq . and 28th astin colloq.   cairns   joint & hellip ;    
an adaptive distributed airborne tracking system r clark   ed jensen   a kanevsky   j maurer   p 1999.0  lecture notes in computer science    
public and private management of wastewater treatment : a comparative study new directions for program evaluation   lj o'toole jr  1991.0 
experimental investigation of turbulent oscillatory boundary layers bl jensen   1988.0 
international student affairs new directions for higher education   m wood   p kia  2000.0 
the varieties of religious experience w james   
wong 1978 : r. epstein   m. stonebraker   and e. wong   distributed query processing in a relational s epstein proc . acm sigmod  
distinguishing optimism from pessimism : relations to fundamental dimensions of mood and personality gn marshall   cb wortman   jw kusulas   lk hervig   rr  journal of personality and social psychology    
keeping and losing contrasts j kingston  proc . 28th annu . meet . berkeley ling . soc.   berkeley    
proof theories for some prioritized consequence relations l verhoeven    
the odwalla affairâ ?? reassessing corporate social responsibility at work   j entine   
an d teal & hellip ; control : wind tunnel demonstration of fully effective & hellip ;   j shaw   n albion   ej hanker   
approaching the ml performance with iterative decoding e papagiannis   ma ambroze   m tomlinson   
biodiversity profile of india e species   t species   pa network    
hybrid systems rl grossmanâ ? ¦ 1993.0    
properties of emerging organizations the academy of management review   j katz   wb gartner  1988.0 
integral equation analysis of a polygonal semiconductor microcavity ln illyashenko   ai nosich   t benson   
magic sets and other strange ways to execute logic programs f bancilhon   d maier   y sagiv   jd ullman proc . of acm pods    
leviathan . london   england : penguin books t hobbes  1985.0 
solynin   â ?? modules and extremal-metric problems   â ?? a yu algebra i analiz    
web image clustering by consistent utilization of visual features and surrounding texts b gao   ty liu   t qin   x zheng   qs cheng   wy ma 2005.0  proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;    
tillage for vegetable-crop production on phosphatic clays ea hanlon   gj hochmuth   l shaw   c riddle mined lands agricultural research/demonstration project . & hellip ;    
object-oriented conceptual modeling for commitment-based collaboration management in virtual j lin   t lin information and software technology    
how whiteness frames the beliefs of white female pre-service teachers working with english language 2001.0 s marx   
the lower end of higher education : freshmen   sophomores   the research university   and the community tr bywater new directions for teaching and learning   1990.0    
irs ready to award laptop pact . computerworld.   1986.0 m betts   
symmetry and related properties via the maximum principle communications in mathematical physics   1979.0 b gidas   wm ni   l nirenberg   
distributedcasesforcase-basedreasoning : facilitating use of multiple cases procs aaai   ma redmond   
optimal clip ordering for multi-clip queries rt ng   p shum 1998.0  the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;    
information processing   knowledge development   and strategic supply chain performance gtm hult   sf slater 2004.0  academy of management journal    
safety applications of programmable electronic systems in the process industry : impact of emerging s bologna seattle   washington   usa-sept    
interworking between sdh and otn-based transport networks a mcguire   aj flavin 2001.0  bt technology journal    
warping indexes with envelope transforms for query by humming . sigmod y zhu   d shasha appendix a. experiment results ( section 4.2 )    
local constructions of infinity structures to d sullivan   
priority search trees and dynamic router-tables h lu   s sahni   
gene proximity analysis across whole genomes via pq trees   2004 gm landau   l parida   o weimann   
critical two-point functions for nearest-neighbour high-dimensional self-avoiding walk and unpublished manuscript   t hara   
storing semistructured data with stored proceedings of acm a deuntsch   m fernandez   d suciu   
query processing utilizing dependencies and horizontal decomposition y kambayashi   m yoshikawa   
transcriptional activation through interaction of mbf2 with tfiia fq li   k takemaru   m goto   h ueda   h handa   s  genes to cells   1997.0 
xasmâ ?? an extensible   component-based abstract state machines language m anlauff    
on ensuring three-layer wirability by stretching planar layout 1989.0 t gonzalez   sq zheng   
mentoring   modeling   monitoring   motivating : response to students ' ungraded writing as academic a young new directions for teaching and learning   1997.0    
on the origin of the hungarian method hw kuhn history of mathematical programming : a collection of  
norfluoxetine enantiomers as inhibitors and serotonin uptake in rat brain dt wong   fp bymaster   lr reid   da mayle neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -     1993.0 
public finance of private goods : the case of higher education r garratt   jm marshall    
a good read : finding a niche for notable books 1999.0 np gallavan social studies and the young learner    
mentoring program practices and effectiveness . aw johnson   ja sullivan new directions for adult and continuing education   1995.0    
how superissuperoxide dt sawyer   js valentine acc . chem . res    
supporting consistent updates in replicated multidatabase systems . int journal on vldb   w du   a elmagarmid   w kim   o bukhres   
requirement of transfer-messenger rna for the growth of bacillus subtilis under stresses a muto   a fujihara   k ito   j matsuno   c ushida   h genes to cells     2000.0 
bayesian detection of wi-fi transmitter rf fingerprints electronic letters   n serinken   o ureten   
complex channel response to flow regulation : cudgegong river below windamere dam   australia pc benn   wd erskine 1994.0  applied geography    
record-boundary discovery in web documents dw embley   ys jiang   yk ng   
c   . shaw . two handed polygonal surface design m green proceedings of acm uist      
computer-generated floral ornament d salesin   m wong   d zongker proceedings of the 25 thannual conference on computer  
conditionally immortalized cell lines with differentiated functions established from temperature - 1997.0 m obinata genes to cells    
resources for multicultural awareness and social action rw wilhelm social studies and the young learner   1999.0 
benzodiazepme receptors h mohler   t okada  demonstration m the central nervous system . & fence    
a guide to the birds of mexico and northern central america : oxford university press sng howell   s webb new york      
two separate sequences of pb2 subunit constitute the rna cap-binding site of influenza virus rna a honda   k mizumoto   a ishihama genes to cells   1999.0    
ascii-stokoe notation : a computer-writeable transliteration system for stokoe notation of american m mandel  unpublished manuscript    
a new bound for the 2-edge connected subgraph problem r carr   r ravi 1998.0  lecture notes in computer science    
authentication protocol providing user anonymity and untraceability in wireless mobile communication cs park computer networks     2004.0 
empowerment for children . curriculum concerns . jc mcdermott  social studies and the young learner   1994.0 
rainbowii : multi-xquery optimization using materialized xml views x zhang    
how to improve access control and application flexibility in smart card using the database d donsez   s jean   s lecomte 2000.0    
rrxs : redundancy reducing xml storage in relations y chen   s davidson   c hara   y zheng proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;     2003.0 
video scouting demonstration : smart content selection and recording 2000.0 n dimitrova   l agnihotri   r jasinschi   j zimmerman proceedings of the eighth acm international conference on & hellip ;    
biodiversity informatics infrastructure : an information commons for the biodiversity community ga cotter   bt bauldock proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2000.0    
eiffel : a design and implementation language for software engineering b meyer  inter.   university of california   santa barbara   novembre    
self-monitoring and speech in feigned and unfeigned lying aw siegman   ma reynolds journal of personality and social psychology    
logical integration of locally independent relational databases into a distributed database k tanaka   y kambayashi  vldb    
reply : digital signature with ( t   n ) shared verification based on discrete logarithms l harn 1995.0    
contingent valuation and revealed preference methodologies : comparing the estimates for quasi-public rt carson   ne flores   km martin   jl wright  land economics   1996.0 
beating bias with books : fostering awareness and compassion with children 's literature eh roweli   tb goodkind   eu henshaw social studies and the young learner   1999.0    
design of a balanced multiple-valued file-organization scheme with the least redundancy 1979.0 s yamamoto   s tazawa   k ushio   h ikeda acm transactions on database systems    
a structured english query language proc . acm-sigmod   dd chamberlin   fbs raymond   
using the institutional research office . dl davis-van atta   sc carrier new directions for higher education   1986.0    
towards a web object model f manola    
mutual friction in superfluid he-3 : effects of bound states in the vortex core ( abstract only ) 1991.0 nb kopnin   mm salomaa oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;    
coarse-grain dynamics and the conley decomposition theorem de norton 1994.0    
chemoprevention of cancer with retinoids mb sporn   dl newton fed proc   1979.0 
ground radar target classification using singular value decomposition and multilayer perceptron z matousek   j kurty   i mokris   
ecological storytelling and collaborative scientific activities acm siggroup bulletin   2002.0 h karasti   ks baker   gc bowker   
an object-oriented model for the semantic interpretation of multimedia data proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ;   j griffioen   r yavatkar   r adams  1995.0 
why codd 's rule no. 6 must be reformulated hw buff sigmod record    
a formal definition of the relational model acm sigmod record   cj date  1982.0 
multicommodity distribution system design by benders decomposition am geoffrion   gw graves 1974.0  management science    
fti engineering process specification fti 8101b-cold expansion of fastener and other holes using the ma landy   rl champoux 1984.0    
cyclosporine concentration prediction using clustering and support vector regresion electronic letters   g camps   e soria   jj pã © rez   f pã © rez   ar   
faloutsos : active storage for large scale data mining and multimedia 1998.0 g riedel   
adult learning in community : themes and threads ds stein   s imel new directions for adult and continuing education   2002.0    
injectable gold for rheumatoid arthritis p clark   p tugwell   k bennet   c bombardier   b shea  cochrane database syst . rev   2000.0 
read assistant professor m jane   
a vlsi decomposition of the de bruijn graph o collins   s dolinar   r mceliece   f pollara    
immediate and delayed effects of early   intermediate   and late social isolation in the rhesus monkey 1968.0 dl clark   
back contact buried contact silicon solar cells with metallization wrap around electrodes w jooss   h knauss   f huster   p fath   e bucher proc . 28th ieee pvsc   anchorage    
tree-gouging   exudate-eating and the â ?? short-tuskedâ ?? condition in callithrix and cebuella af coimbra-filho   ra mittermeier see ref    
performance analysis of linear binary block coded optical ppm cdma systems with soft-decision t ohtsuki   t kaneko   jm kahn    
professional status and an emerging culture of conformity amongst teachers in england d hayes  education 3 to 13   2001.0 
l. lozwiak   '' synthesis of xor storage schemes with different cost for minimization of memory s chen   a postula  proceedings of the 25 &#39; h euromicro conference   sep    
assessment of family-centered care policies and practices for pediatric patients in nine us journal of emergency nursing   2001.0 n eckle   sl maclean   
storing semi-structured data with stored dm fernandez   d suciu & hellip ;   pennslyvania : proceedings of the acm sigmod conference    
private communication   aberdeen p plostins md      
a consideration of normal form of not-necessarily-normalized relations a makinouchi  proc .  
beliefs concerning the features of constrained behavior : a basis for the fundamental attribution ag miller   w ashton   m mishal journal of personality and social psychology    
relevance and perceptual constraints in multimodal referring actions a de angeli   f wolff   p lopez   l romary & hellip ; of the workshop on deixis   demonstration and deictic belief    
speech and language therapy interventions for children with primary speech and language delay or j law   z garrett   c nye cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
fractional levy motion and its application to network traffic modeling n laskin   i lambadaris   fc harmantzis   m computer networks   2002.0 
spatial and temporal content-based access to hypervideo databases the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1998.0 h jiang   ak elmagarmid   
services of a broker in electronic commerce transactions electronic markets   c beam   m bichler   a segev   
high performance nearly dispersion-flattened hybrid optical transmission lines for ultra-large m tsukitani  49th iwcs procs    
new adaptive methods for particles flux intensity measurement redundancy reduction and their vp evdokimov   vm pokras 1975.0  & hellip ; telemetering conference   washington   d. c   proceedings    
relationships among local functional activity   energy metabolism   and blood flow in the central fed proc   l sokoloff  1981.0 
type inference and principal typings for symmetric record concatenation and mixin modules h makholm   jb wells   
wrapper generation for semi-structured internet sources nac knoblock & hellip ; section on management of semi-structured da @ acm sigmod & hellip ;      
boundary optima and the theory of public goods supply : a comment t saijo    
a model of employee attitudes and actions following 360-degree feedback t maurer   d mitchell   c godsey  san diego    
fcc inquiry could send flat-rate private lines to the scrap heap . p hirsch computerworld.   1982.0 
effects of catecholamine depletion on alertness and mood in rested and sleep-deprived normal ud mccann   dm penetar   y shaham   dr thorne neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 
risedronate for the prevention and treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis a cranney   l waldegger   n zytaruk   b shea   b  cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
a dynamic framework for object projection views v vianu acm transactions on database systems   1988.0    
leadership connections : communication   diversity and creativity sc kitsopoulos   
genetical analysis of mammary tumor development and mammary tumor virus expression in the gr mouse r van nie   l hilgers   m lenselink see ref      
thermal decomposition of dinitrobenzofuroxan adducts with metal hydroxides b lurie   e nikitina   v sinditskii proc . of the 29th annual conf . on thermal analysis and    
management of a remote backup copy for disaster recovery acm transactions on database systems   rp king   n halim   h garcia-molina   ca polyzois  1991.0 
a general proof of saint-venantâ ?? s principle jn goodier phil .  
the epidemiologic approach to investigating outdoor air pollution jm samet   jjk jaakkola see ref      
emissions of volatile organic compounds ( voc ) from wood f englund  report i    
a typology of spatiotemporal information queries m yuan   j mcintosh   
effective investment in information infrastructures information and software technology   pd turnbull  1991.0 
routing and fairness issues associated with a self routing control strategy in regular mesh photonic f chevalier   d cotter   d harle proc . int . teletraffic conf    
computational problems related to the design of normal form relational schemes c been   pa bernstein acm transactions on database systems    
commitments for agent-based supply chain management m verdicchio   m colombetti   
a taxonomy for object-oriented secure databases [ j ] so martin   hvons sebastian  acm transactions on database systems    
priority and deadline assignment to triggered transactions in distributed real-time active databases ky lam   gck law   vcs lee  journal of systems and software   2000.0 
essential ingredients for success . new directions for higher education   1988.0 jh daughdrillâ ? ¦   
populating the hermitage museum 's new web site 2001.0 f mintzer   gw braudaway   fp giordano   jc lee   ka communications-acm    
central representation of visceral function df cechetto fed proc   1987.0    
jg : fertilizer guide for the tropics and subtropics g de  centre d &#39; etudes de l &#39; azote   zurich   switzerland  
rainbow : mapping-driven xquery processing system x zhang   m mulchandani   s christ   b murphy   ea   
a methodology of testing high-level petri nets h zhu   x he information & software technology   2002.0 
programming microsoft visual basic 6.0 f balena  1999.0 
reasoning with prioritized defaults m gelfond   tc son lecture notes in computer science     1998.0 
the active database management system manifesto : a rulebase of adbms features acm sigmod record   a buchmann   
bayesian theory jm bernardo   afm smith   
it paradox number computerworld   pa strassmann  1999.0 
positively recurrent markov chains and the stepping stone model as a fleming-viot process a shimizu   t soshi    
hydice : an airborne system for hyperspectral imaging proc . spie   1993.0 l rickard   r basedow   e zalewski   m landers   
chemical restraint for the agitated patient in the emergency department : lorazepam versus droperidol jr richards   rw derlet   dr duncan journal of emergency medicine   1998.0 
applied groundwater modeling-simulation of flow and advective transport : academic press mp anderson   ww woessner inc.   san diego    
maintaining unstructured case bases - group of 4 & raquo ; k racine   q yang  lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
idr/qr : an incremental dimension reduction algorithm via qr decomposition acm sigkdd proceedings   2004.0 j ye   q li   h xiong   h park   r janardan   v kumar   
role of monoamines in mediating the action of hormones on learning and memory g telegdy   gl kovics  see matthies    
infosleuth : semantic integration of information in open and dynamic environments & hellip ; of the acm international conference on management of data ( & hellip ;   b bohrerâ ? ¦   
report on isdo ' 00 : the caise * 00 workshop on â ?? infrastructures for dynamic business-to-business h ludwig   p grefen acm sigmod record   2000.0 
mys andd r. wang   â ?? tcp westwood : bandwidth estimation for enhanced transport over wireless links   proc . of acm mobicom   july   s mascolo   c casetti   m gerla   
the cultural relativity of the quality of life concept g hofstede 1984.0  the academy of management review    
component-based e-commerce : assesment of current practices and future directions . acms anthology sigmod record   1998.0 
asymptotic laplace transforms and evolution equations g lumer   f neubrander    
state of the art in privacy preserving data mining v verykios   e bertino sigmod record     2004.0 
genetic optimization for exploratory projection pursuit sl crawford proceedings of the 23rd symposium of the interface between  
a performance comparison of the ibm rs/6000 and the astronautics zs-1 w mangione-smith   sg abraham   es davidson   
the forecasting performance of the riksbank bayesian var models 2004.0 mk andersson   
capprobe : a simple and accurate capacity estimation technique r kapoor   lj chen   l lao   m gerla   my sanadidi   
the voice of the shuttle : religious studies a liu santa barbara   ca : university of california   santa barbara    
an ideal model for recursive polymorphic types d macqueen   g plotkin   r sethi proceedings of the 11th acm sigact-sigplan symposium on & hellip ;   1984.0 
acm multimedia '94 conference workshop on multimedia database management systems pb berra sigmod record   1995.0 
terminal-terminal handler commands   european informatics network p schicker ein/zhr/75 / 18   zurich      
function decomposition in machine learning b zupan   i bratko   m bohanec   j demsar   
changes of extracellular potassium concentration in the cortex and brain stem during the acute phase h takahashi   s manaka   k sano  no to shinkei   1981.0 
dart/hyess users guide jh friedman    
rainbow : multi-xquery optimization using materialized xml views x zhang   k dimitrova   l wang   m el sayed   b murphy proceedings of the 2003 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2003.0    
advanced techniques for microstructural characterization r krishnan   tr anantharaman   cs pande   op arora bombay   india   11-13 jan. 1988     1988.0 
on dynamic measures of risk finance and stochastics   j cvitanic   i karatzas  1999.0 
cnn/si challenges espn site . ' electronic media   r shaw   
moviemakers at work d chell  microsoft  
survey of pain attitudes mp jensen   p karoly & hellip ; manuscript . university of washington   seattle   washington      
semantic segmentation of videophone image sequences pjl van beek   mjt reinders   b sankur   jca van der proceedings of spie     1992.0 
relaxed balancing made simple unpublished manuscript   1996.0 t ottmann   e soisalon-soininen   
atomicity versus anonymity : distributed transaction for electronic commerce ( invited talks ) [ c i. in : jd tygar  proceedings of the 24th annual international conference on & hellip ;    
reconstitute a 5 ml bottle ( bacto   # 211796   difco   or equivalent ) with sterile double distilled de - aliquot g phytohemagglutinin   
on physical lines of force . part i. the theory of molecular vortices applied to magnetic phenomena jc maxwell  phil . mag    
simon & schuster j marx    
application and database design - putting if off sigmod record   cj shaw   
methotrexate for rheumatoid arthritis me suarez-almazor   e belseck   b shea   g wells   p  cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
evolving a model of transaction management with embedded concurrency control for mobile database information and software technology   s bhalla  2003.0 
characterizing bar line-of-sight graphs sk wismath    
the central role of mathematical logic in computer science j paul myers jr    
engineering ( ensr ) e consulting acl demonstration report   yaworski lagoon superfund site      
fast and robust video clip search using index structure ly duan   js yuan   q tian   cs xu proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;     2004.0 
emerging roles of evaluation in science education reform new directions for program evaluation   w mccloskey   h parke   r elliott   p harmon   
l'hypercontractivite et son utilisation en theorie des semi-groupes 1994.0 d bakry lecture notes in mathematics-springer verlag -    
speed : a stateless protocol for real-time communication t he   ja stankovic proceedings of the 23rd international conference on  
fire impacts on vegetation in central africa : a remote-sensing-based statistical analysis g bucini   ef lambin  applied geography   2002.0 
1996 chimp : a framework for supporting multimedia document authoring and presentation ks candan   b prabhakaran   vs subrahmanian  proc . 1996 acm multimedia    
towards v-promala   a visual   object-oriented interface for xspin unpublished manuscript   gj holzmann   s leue   
experimentation as a vehicle for software technology transfer-a family of software reading hs jensen   bm jorgensen   s linkman   hd rombach 1997.0  information and software technology    
the effect of the influx of radioactive industrially contaminated north sea water on the radiation sm vakulovskii   ai nikitin   vb chumichev  at .  
bounds on performance and dynamic bit allocation for sub-band coders jd gibson    
system design just as there are two schools of thought about system cj shaw sigmod record   1988.0    
dynamic html in action em schurman   wj pardi   1999.0 
optimization of a digital neuron design proceedings of the 23rd annual symposium on simulation   1990.0 f kampf   p koch   k roy   m sullivan   z delalic   s   
multimedia database management systems a ghafoo17  acm computing surveys   1995.0 
ly248686   a new inhibitor of serotonin and norepinephrine uptake neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   dt wong   fp bymaster   da mayle   lr reidâ ? ¦  1993.0 
an integrated development environment for java card i attali   d caromel   c courbis   l henrio   h 2001.0  computer networks    
the precautionary principle in european community law and science t christoforou    
a query language and optimization techniques for unstructured data p buneman   s davidson   g hillebrand   d suciu sigmod conference   1996.0    
autocorrelation properties of resilient functions and three-valued almost-optimal functions s choi   k yang    
electromobility of aquatic humus : fractionation by the use of the isoelectric focusing technique et gijessing   t gjerdhal proc . int . meet . humic substances      
making welfare work and work pay : implementation and 18-month impacts of the minnesota family c miller   v knox   p auspos   ja hunter-manns   a  1997.0 
strategy in emerging economies re hoskisson   l eden   cm lau   m wright 2000.0  academy of management journal    
assessment of striatal extracellular dopamine and dopamine metabolites by microdialysis in re see 1993.0  neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -    
the least-squares finite element method : theory and applications in computational fluid dynamics and b jiang   1998.0 
experiential education at a community college . new directions for higher education   ls zwerling  1974.0 
warping indexes with envelope transforms for query-by-humming systems y zhu   d sasha proceedings of acm sigmod  
an introduction to the unified data language cj date  proc . vldb   montreal   canada   oct    
fundamentals of bacterial plant pathogens m goto san  
a tribute to professor hongjun lu 2005.0 mj carey   j han sigmod record    
storing semistructured data with stored admfd suciu proc of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;   1999.0 
'' domains   relations and religious wars sigmod record   1996.0 r wars   s record   
lipoprotein glomerulopathy and its pathogenesis t saito   s oikawa   h sato   j chiba 1997.0  contributions to nephrology    
does motion through the aether cause double refraction l rayleigh  phil . mag    
donâ ?? t scrap it   wrap it ! a wrapper architecture for data sources mt roth   p schwarz  proceedings of the 23rd vldb  
web application performance testingâ ?? a case study of an on-line learning application bt technology journal   2000.0 j shaw   
study of internal stresses of thin solar cell modules 1982.0 kj zimmermann   u haeverli   
myths and reality in post-communist transformations   referat na kongres american economic gw koå?odko  san diego    
heterogeneous decomposition and inter-level coupling for combined modeling pa fishwick    
outpatient treatment of spontaneous pneumothorax in a community hospital using a heimlich flutter p campisi   aj voitk 1997.0  journal of emergency medicine    
encephalopathy associated with fat embolism induced by solvent for cyclosporin . lancet i   p krupp   m busch   i cockburn   b schreiber  1989.0 
upper and lower bounds for the tails of the distribution of the condition number of a gaussian 2003.0 jm azais   m wschebor submitted for publication    
water supply in developing countries : problems and solutions e dahi  technical   university of denmark    
timer-driven database triggers and alerters : semantics and a challenge sigmod record   1999.0 en hanson   l noronha   
the principle of relativity   and non-newtonian mechanics phil . mag   gn lewis   rc tolman   
respect for religious differences : the case of muslim students bw speck  new directions for teaching and learning   1997.0 
books   libraries   scholarship   and the future . ra plane new directions for higher education     1982.0 
sultan mahmud bhuiyan   mohammed shamsul alam and mohammed shahedur rashid p geographer   t geography geography   2005.0 
form for nested relations zm ã?zsoyoglu   lyyan normal acm transactions on database systems    
22a   103 ; c ) f. sondheimer f baer   h kuhn   w regel   z naturforsch  acc . chem . res    
classification and multiple regression through projection pursuit . dept 1984.0 jh friedman   
communication mhj nelissen  see ref    
an object-based image retrieval system and its visual query interface ws li   ks candan   k hirata   yh semcog demonstration at the sigmod conference on management of data  
speech recognition using a discriminative context-independent j verhasselt   jp martens   b baeyens segment-based speech recognizer   '' procs of ieee prorisc      
your own private internet mj miller  pc magazine    
ciprofloxacin penetration into lungs d honeybourne   r wise   jm andrews  lancet i   1987.0 
identity : youth and crises eh erikson  new york    
towards an interactive high visual complexity animation system c csuri   r hackathorn   r parent   w carlson   m 1979.0  acm siggraph computer graphics    
from nationalism to pragmatism : it policy in china kl kraemer   j dedrick    
correlation between magnetic shear and exb shear flow on jet itbs b esposito   f crisanti   v parail   p maget   y    
plastic microoptical interconnection modules for parallel free-space inter-and intra-mcm data h thienpont   c debaes   v baukens   h ottevaere   p proceedings-ieee     2000.0 
design and implementation of spatiotemporal database query processing system journal of systems and software   dh kim   kh ryu   ch park  2002.0 
a software design manifesto m kapor    
analyzing the impact of school finance reform pr brown   rf elmore  1982.0 
measuring multiethnic spatial segregation dws wong  urban geography   1998.0 
ifq : a visual query interface and query generator for object-based media retrieval ws li   
sec a boiler   pv code  viii   div .  
using quantitative information for efficient association rule generation b pã ´ ssas   w meira jr   m carvalho   r resende j. braz . comp . soc   2000.0 
the information theoretical significance of spatial and temporal masking in video signals proc . spie   b girod  1989.0 
problem corner : an experiment with grauâ ?? s ternary boolean algebra j christian   
comparison of two path restoration schemes in self-healing networks 2002.0 y xiong   l mason computer networks    
the aeroelastic code hawcã?model and comparisons ' jt petersen proc . 28th meet . of experts   iea annex xi    
extended ephemeral logging : log storage management for applications with long-lived transactions js keen   wj dally acm transactions on database systems   1997.0    
exemplar-based likelihoods using the pdf projection theorem t minka   
overt visual attention for a humanoid robot s vijayakumar   j conradt   t shibata   s schaal    
influence of overlap on the convergence rate of waveform relaxation mj gander   am stuart 1996.0    
diffraction gratings with controlled groove form and abnormal distribution of intensity rw wood phil . mag      
predicated register allocation ae eichenberger   es davidson   
wavelength converter sharing in a wdm optical packet switch : dimensioning and performance issues computer networks   2000.0 v eramo   m listanti   
autofocus : a tool for automatic traffic analysis c estan   g varghese  proceedings of acm sigcomm  
intra-transaction concurrency control and the nt/pv model hf korth   gd speegle   1990.0 
xmlin action wj pardi 1999.0    
the worldinfo assistant : an application for spatio-temporal information integration on the web jl ambite   ca knoblock   mr kolahdouzan   m muslea   27th international conference on very large data bases (  
investigating the random error distribution of vector network analyser measurements nm ridler   pr young proc . 29th automated rf & microwave measurement society ( & hellip ;    
voluntary turnover   social capital   and organizational performance gg dess   jd shaw  academy of management review   2001.0 
stewardship of resources for private higher education . dr moore 1986.0  new directions for higher education    
multilayer fuzzy control of multivariable systems by passive decomposition ae gegov applied mathematics and computer science   1995.0 
identity managements and its support of multilateral security c sebastian   m kã ¶ hntopp computer networks    
consistent global states of distributed systems : fundamental concepts and mechanisms ã ? babaoä?lu   k marzullo  acm press frontier series   1993.0 
topics of current aerosol research ed gm hidy and jr brock 1972.0 rl drake   
in-process analysis of multifunctional esters by nir spectroscopy dl curtin   1997.0 
information sharing across private databases r agrawal   av evfimievski   r srikant    
the std factor : speech   technology and distance'in stewart 1994.0 d thompson   
the shape and form of puget sound r burns 1985.0    
program path analysis to bound cache-related preemption delay in preemptive real-time systems h tomiyama   nd dutt   
supply chain management computerworld   k russell   
research methodology in management : current practices   trends   and implications for future research 2000.0 ta scandura   ea williams academy of management journal    
evaluation concerns and the presentation of data m deveaux  new directions for program evaluation    
sequences of low arithmetical complexity sv avgustinovich   j cassaigne   ae frid   
altalt : combining the advantages of graphplan and heuristics state search r sanchez   x nguyen   s kambhampati   
in '' radiopharmaceuticals 11 & hellip ; symposium on radiopharmaceuticals   seattle   washington   & hellip ;   e deutsch   
tr-94-09 msr report microsoft    
pushing the envelope with push technology wr stanek pc magazine online      
persistent threads f matthes   jw schmidt 1994.0  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
supersonic flow and shock waves r courant   ko friedrichs    
it and the competency elolnt ~ - _ qkil ] v ~ ienn ~ locltro am ~   jnr aw goldsworthy   
integrated voice/data terminals : orphans in the desktop market . j dix  computerworld.   1986.0 
broadband signalling-acronyms 1998.0 atm aesa bt technology journal    
time-domain skin-effect model for transient analysis of lossy transmission lines cs yen   z fazarinc   rl wheeler proc . ieee    
a model ofauthorization fornext-generationdatabase systems f rabitti   e bertino   w kim   d woelk acm transactions on database systems      
diffusion of innovations em roger new york    
structural variations of different oral basement membranes revealed by cationic dyes and detergent h chardin   jp gokani   d septier   jv ruch   m the histochemical journal     1992.0 
music videos miner 2003.0 l agnihotri   n dimitrova   j kender   j zimmerman proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ;    
workshops at a distance 1997.0 cc gibson   tl gibson new directions for adult and continuing education    
soil chronosequence along the cowlitz river   washington dp dethier   
somatostatin s yamada   m ito   s kobayashi 1976.0  horumon to rinsho    
â ?? the myth of e-books . c wood  pc  
dna double labelling with idurd and cldurd for spatial and temporal analysis of cell proliferation 1992.0 ja aten   pjm bakker   j stap   ga boschman   chn the histochemical journal    
subunit assembly in vivo of escherichia coli rna polymerase : role of the amino-terminal assembly m kimura   a ishihama genes to cells   1996.0 
obstacles hinder it portfolio management computerworld   t hoffman   
sensory evaluation practices academic press h stone   jl sidel  san diego    
craig stinson è ?? m dodge microsoft excel    
a proposal for a postgraduate curriculum in information security   dependability and safety sk katsikas   da gritzalis  athens   greece : new technology publications   september    
r. multivalued dependencies and a new normal form for relational databases acm trans . database syst . 2   3 ( sept. 1977 )   f agin   
the american girls collection history project : a third grade and teacher education collaboration k hoelscher social studies and the young learner   1997.0 
network formation with active brownian particles submitted for publication   f schweitzer   b tilch   
attitudes and beliefs regarding childbirth and perinatal care among the nso of northwest cameroon ab nsamenang   me lamb unpublished manuscript    
reply to a paper by an habermann on the programming language pascal o lecarme   p desjardins  acm sigplan notices   1974.0 
randomized quadratic lower bound for knapsack d grigoriev   m karpinski  proc . 29th acm stoc    
iterative pde computations on a transputer based parallel computer procs 2nd hellenic conference on mathematics and informatics & hellip ;   en mathioudakis   ep papadopoulou   yg saridakis   
report on dart ' 96 : databases : active and real-time ( concepts meet practice ) k ramamritham   n soparkar sigmod record   1997.0 
antibiotic therapy for prophylaxis against infection of pancreatic necrosis in acute pancreatitis 2003.0 c bassi   m larvin   e villatoro cochrane database syst rev    
a query languageand optimizationtechnieques for unstructured data p buneman   s davidson   g hillebrand   d suciu proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
lifetime reproductive success in birds i newton  academic   san diego    
an on-line self-tuning markov histogram for xml path selectivity estimation l lim   m wang   s padamanabhan   js vitter   rxpl proceedings of  
management and control in the virtual supply chain lf baxter    
a notation for spatiotemporal queries acm sigmod record   1998.0 vj tsotras   cs jensen   rt snodgrass   
anã ¡ lisis de observaciones clinomã © tricas de largo periodo en la isla lanzarote   2âª asamblea j arnoso   r vieira   ej vã © lez   ts cain weixin 2000.0    
use priority encoders for fast data comparison   '' s murugesan electronic engineering    
a taxonomy for object-oriented secure databases m olivier   s von solms  acm tods    
minimum cost selection of secondary indexes for formatted files acm transactions on database systems ( tods )   hd anderson   pb berra  1977.0 
selenium supplementation to prevent short-term morbidity in preterm neonates cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 ba darlow   nc austin   
3rd international workshop on traceability in emerging forms of software engineering ( tefse 2005 ) ji maletic   g antoniol   j cleland-huang   jh hayes proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;     2005.0 
thinking way-based systems and culture of manufacturing-engendering proposals for developing region - 522 d. hell et al. proceedings of 2nd ims international y ito   
bipes : the elusive two-legged lizard ce shaw zoonooz ( san diego )      
two time scale decomposition and stability analysis of power systems k khorasani   
baze de date p nastase microsoft acces    
identical origin of adrenal cortex and gonad revealed by expression profiles of ad4bp/sf -1 o hatano   a takakusu   m nomura   k morohashi genes to cells   1996.0 
trac analysis attacks and trade-os in anonymity providing systems a back   u moller   a stiglic lecture notes in computer science      
report of the study group on the role of public finance in european integration d macdougallâ ? ¦ vol . i   brussels    
conditional heteroscedasticity modeling in macroeconomics and finance d steigerwald    
a software engineering view of data base systems cdserv4.inria.fr vldb   1978.0 
alloy : a leightweight object modelling notation . 2000 mit laboratory for computer science : cambridge   d jackson   
evaluation encounters in third world settings : a caribbean perspective new directions for program evaluation   1985.0 m cuthbert   
web power tools : the cutting edge ? pc magazine-american edition -   b machrone   
the relation between solvent drag and active transport of ions hh ussing   b andersen  proc . int . congr . biochem    
cohorts of the future cj grabinski new directions for adult and continuing education     1998.0 
bank oneâ ?? s woes may clip wingspan t hoffman   
variables in interracial aggression : anonymity   expected retaliation   and a riot e donnerstein   m donnerstein   s simon   r ditrichs journal of personality and social psychology   1972.0 
progress on the sector magnets for the riken src a goto   h okuno   j ohnishi   n fukunishi   t    
pilot study of mycophenolate mofetil ( rs-61443 ) in the prevention of acute rejection following renal k takahashi   t ochiai   k uchida   t yasumura   m transplant proc     1995.0 
drt ac command  & hellip ; tmd operational concept demonstration 93å ? 1 . â ?? ( u )   january    
security implications of implementing active network infrastructures using agent technology computer networks   2001.0 s karnouskos   
log write-ahead protocols and ims/vs logging rj peterson   jp strickland proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;     1983.0 
shape recovery and analysis of large screw threads c robertson   rb fisher    
on the temporal resolution of neural activity a date   e bienenstock   s geman unpublished manuscript   1998.0    
the legacy of rip van winkle . 1986.0 ww jellema new directions for higher education    
fast closing switches for low-impedance pulse generators jgh salge   u katschinski   j heuer   tu braunschweig    
storing semi-structured data using stored a deutsch   m fernandez   d suciu proc.   acm sigmod      
transposition of is1 circles y shiga   y sekine   e ohtsubo 1999.0  genes to cells    
internet supply chain management ss mecker electronic news    
ride replacementâ ?? a hybrid pstn/voip application solution jc parr   aj heron bt technology journal   2001.0    
complex lms algorithm   '' b widrow   j mccool   m ball 1975.0  ieee proceedings    
faculty issues in the 1990 s : new realities   new opportunities . jh schuster  new directions for higher education   1990.0 
using quantitative information for ef-f-ficient ficient aasssociation rule generation sociation rule b pã ´ ssas   w meira jr   m carvalho   rrb pã ´ ssas   r    
multimedia tutorials in an academic environment ( video ) jd farquhar   l kempski   u nadarajan   gj yaverbaum 1995.0  proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ;    
interpersonal identity formation during early adolescence bn allison   jb schultz adolescence-san diego -     2001.0 
the search for new models in faculty bargaining . new directions for higher education   1974.0 jh schuster   
article details 2001.0 me tipping journal of machine learning research    
parity striping of disc arrays j gray   b horst   m walkter  proceedings of vldb    
simulation of packet communication architecture computer systems . rep re bryant  mit/lcs/tr -188   mit laboratory for computer science    
hse books 1999 r error   i behaviour   
the nws dambrk model : theoretical background and user documentation   hrl-258 . hydrological research dl fread  md    
security authentication : smart card authentication in windows g pittaway  microsoft  
bird strike hazards as a factor in the site selection process and planning for the future new lisbon s pessoa   c sequeira   h blokpoel    
are you ready for â ?? trustâ ?? economy pgw keen computerworld      
consultation through action learning l beaty 1999.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
racial and ethnic identity and development af chavez   f guido-dibrito new directions for adult and continuing education   1999.0 
the cost-of-knowledge characteristic function : display evaluation for direct-walk dynamic sk card   p pirolli   jd mackinlay   
integrity and correspondence in manam double reduplication e buckley  proceedings of nels    
efficient concurrency control for bdisks environments   a nithrakashyap   r sivasankaran   k ramamritham proc . acm sigmod intâ ?? l conf . management of data      
biochemistry and physiology of herbicide action c fedtke 1982.0    
task decomposition and dynamic role assignment for real-time strategic teamwork p stone   m veloso lecture notes in computer science     1999.0 
wrapper generation for semi-structured information sources acm sigmod   n asish   c knoblock   
managerial optimism and corporate finance jb heaton    
a ~ d daya   m. the role concept in data models cw bachman proceedings   third international conference on very large & hellip ;      
incremental   online   and merge mining of partial periodic patterns in time-series databases mg elfeky   
the plastic deformation of polycrystalline aggregates r armstrong   i codd   rm douthwaite   nj petch phil . mag    
the use of conventional pulped wood fibres as reinforcement in composites proceedings of the 23rd risã ¸ international symposium on & hellip ;   e sjã ¶ holm   f berthold   ek gamstedt   c neagu   m   
concept redundancy in organizational research : the case of work commitment the academy of management review   pc morrow  1983.0 
others   when financial incentives encourage work : complete 18-month findings from the self - w lin   pk robins   d card   k harknett   s lui-gurr   1998.0 
the relational and network approaches cj date   ef codd proc . acm sigmod workshop on data description   access and    
nist net-a linux-based network emulation tool m carson   d santay    
computer technology and collaborative learning p sullivan  new directions for teaching and learning   1994.0 
towards an odmg-compliant visual object query language m chavda   pt wood 1997.0  vldb    
cognitive processes in the revision of stereotypic beliefs r weber   j crocker journal of personality and social psychology    
work incentives and work requirements for public housing residents : issues and options . j riccio   g quets unpublished paper . new york : manpower demonstration research & hellip ;    
mining generalized association rules with fuzzy taxonomic structures q wei   g chen fuzzy information processing society   1999 . nafips . 18th & hellip ;   1999.0    
real-time database systems : issues and approaches sh son acm sigmod  
community screening for visual impairment in the elderly l smeeth   s iliffe 2000.0  cochrane database syst rev    
temperature-dependent intermediates in hiv-1 envelope glycoprotein-mediated fusion revealed by sa gallo   gm clore   jm louis   ca bewley   r    
personality and speech 1966.0 rw ramsay journal of personality and social psychology    
facilitating cultural diversity in adult literacy programs . new directions for adult and continuing education   lg martin  1990.0 
mathematical programmingfor data mining : formulations andchallenges ps bradley   um fayyad   ol mangasarian microsoft technical report   january  
resolution of compartment syndrome after rattlesnake envenomation utilizing non-invasive measures journal of emergency medicine   2003.0 bs gold   ra barish   rc dart   rp silverman   gv   
the true cramer-rao bound for timing recovery from a bandlimited linearly modulated wafeform n noels   h steendam   m moeneclaey  proceedings icc2002   new york   paper  
advances in the practical implementation of indicator geostatistics cv deutsch   rw lewis proceedings 23rd apcom      
monitoring the propagation of radionuclides along technological loops in a nuclear power plant vl antonov   aa gruzdeva   vs zhernovâ ? ¦ at .    
community pharmacy personnel interventions for smoking cessation cochrane database syst rev   hk sinclair   cm bond   lf stead  2004.0 
biodiversity informatics : the challenge of rapid development   large databases   and complex data proc . 26th vldb conf   m lane   j edwards   e nielsen   
responses induced by tacrine neuronal and non-enuronal cell lines [ j ] gv de ferrani   r von bernhardi   fh calderonâ ? ¦ i nerurasci res    
against customer service g trotter journal of emergency medicine     1998.0 
n. ridoil : non first normal form for re -- . . _ . __ l _ - .   . _ __ -- . . lations to represent i proc . acm pot-s   s ahifphnnl   
uneven development and the tragedy of the commons : competing images for nature-society analysis 1992.0 rs roberts   j emel economic geography    
office implementation : a case study . ls albert   tj marchese  new directions for higher education   1988.0 
consistent hashing and random trees : distributed cashing protocols for relieving hot spots on the d kargerâ ? ¦  proc . acm  
stream : the stanford stream data manager ( demonstration description ) a arasu   b babcock   s babu   m datar   k ito   i proceedings of the 2003 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;     2003.0 
nebulized naloxone gently and effectively reverses methadone intoxication mb mycyk   al szyszko   se aks 2003.0  journal of emergency medicine    
evolutionary market equilibrium in bertrand and cournot settings cz qin   c stuart   
an integrated browsing and querying system for odmg-compliant object databases sw chang   hj kim   k seoul    
discovering colocation patterns from spatial data sets : a general approach y huang   s shekhar   h xiong ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering     2004.0 
timer-driven database triggers and alerters en hanson   lx noronha    
children 's normative beliefs about aggression and aggressive behavior lr huesmann   ng guerra journal of personality and social psychology     1997.0 
practical global-event-queue-based optimistic simulation algorithms with one backup state vector and sk prasad procs . the first international conference on parallel and & hellip ;    
the â ?? known worldâ ?? ofprimaryschool children geography   p wiegand   
use of the personal digital assistant for point-of-care trauma documentation 2001.0 l eastes journal of emergency nursing    
identity management and its support of multilateral security computer networks   s clauss   m koehntopp  2001.0 
mining associations between sets of items in massive database . r agrwal   t imielinski   a swami proc of the acm sigmod int &#39; i conference on management of & hellip ;    
the aids community demonstration projects ( 1997 ) & hellip ; of the aids community demonstration projects . in n. corby dl higgins   c galavotti   ko ` reilly   j sheridan   
active immunization of murine allogeneic bone marrow transplant donors with b-cell tumor-derived lw kwak   r pennington   dl longo   
the active dbms manifesto a consort acm sigmod record      
a calculation of the expansion coefficient of germanium a bienenstock phil . mag    
condition handling in sql persistent stored modules j richey  sigmod record   1995.0 
active disks for large-scale data mining e riedel   g gibson   a moore   c faloutsos    
institutional economics . its place in political economy jr commons    
spore structure and its relations to resistance   dormancy and germination a keynan  see rel    
theoretical investigation of a linear planar model of a passenger car with seated people gj stein   p mucka proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;     2003.0 
architectural considerations for a new generation of protocols d tennenhouse   d clark proc . acm    
query decomposition for unstructured query languages d suciu vldb   september      
dynamic presentation of asynchronous auditory output a papp   mm blattner proceedings of acm multimediaâ ?? 96   1996.0    
mechanism for transduction of the ligand-binding signal in heme-based gas sensory proteins revealed t uchida   t kitagawa acc . chem . res   2005.0    
component-based e-commerce : assesment of current practices and future directions m bichler   a segev   jl zhao  sigmod record   1998.0 
assignment of responsibility for an accident e walster journal of personality and social psychology     1966.0 
breeding farm practices jw britton  equine medicine and surgery   santa barbara   california   & hellip ;    
private partnerships and public networks in europe federal trust report h cowie    
substance abuse programming in shelter settings m argyriou   d mccarty community demonstration grant projects for alcohol and drug & hellip ;    
s. muthukrishnan   and mj strauss   â ?? surfing wavelets on streams : one-pass summaries for approximate proc . very large data bases conf   ac gilbert   y kotidis   
t - | . r. yeager   and rw dutton   '' pisces i | : poisson and continuity equation solver ' mr pinto   cs rafferty  stanford university technical report   stanford university    
wood-water relations c skaar  1988.0 
o   lj rosenwasser and sm wolff ca dinarel  demonstration of a circulating thymocytes suppressor factor  
cycle filling as parallelization with expansion law y takayama  submitted to publication    
education in the united states [ cd-rom ] microsoftâ ® encarta   ag powell   
distributed linear hashing and parallel projection in main memory databases s pramanik   c severance   p wolberg proceedings of the conference on very large databases    
on a singularly perturbed one dimensional damped hyperbloic problem an carvalho   sm bruschi submitted for  
ozone depletion rates in the late winter/early spring arctic and antarctic stratosphere according to e kyro   p taalas oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
more opportunity   fewer women in it b cole-gomolski  computerworld    
f.   jarzeba   w. 1988 pf barbara acc . chem . res    
nodal analysis of circuits containing current conveyors ai rybin   t dostal    
stream traffic management over an atm passive optical network m gagnaire   s stojanovski 2000.0  computer networks    
j   h.   g. hernandez   m. lalovic   t. pell   and ig rose   '' satellite-a new opportunity for broadband bt technology journal   a fidler   
the agent grid for supply chain integration lsw hongweiâ ? ¦ proceedings of 2002 international conference on management & hellip ;    
interventions for treating proximal humeral fractures in adults 2002.0 jn gibson   hh handoll   r madhok cochrane database syst rev    
an upper bound for the maximum cut mean value a bertoni   p campadelli   r posenato 1997.0  proceedings of the 23rd international workshop on graph - & hellip ;    
architecture for distributed multimedia database systems . pb berra   cyr chen   a ghafoor   cc lin   tdc little     
secure internet programming : security issues for mobile and distributed objects j vitek   cd jensen 2001.0  lecture notes in computer science    
practical applications of triggers and constraints : success and lingering issues 2000.0 s ceri   r cochrane   j widom proc . 26th int . conf . on very large databases    
a source-to-source meta-translation system for relational query languages di howells   nj fiddian   wa gray vldb   1987.0    
testbed measurements quoted above have been done for the lar calorimeter lvl all at    
a complete identity set for codd algebras acm sigmod record   1991.0 hw buff   
the design ofâ ¬ 1nf relational databases into nested normal form ma roth   hf korth proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1987.0    
algorithm and performance evaluation of adaptive multidimensional clustering technique proceedings of the 1985 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   s fushimi   m kitsuregawa   m nakayama   h tanaka   t  1985.0 
the arm10 family of advanced embedded microprocessor cores s hill procs . of hot chips    
mtcd concept of operation eatchip iii   evaluation and demonstration ( phase 3a-bis )   & hellip ;   c costello   
hot block clustering for disk arrays with dynamic striping k mogi   m kitsuregawa proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1995.0    
no contest : the case against competition 1986.0 a kohn   
returning modified rows-select statements with side effects 2004.0 a behm   s rielau   r swagerman proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
regional review : monitoring changes in the central puget sound region psr council seattle   washington   usa    
do it by numbers proc . acm nat . conf   rw bemer   
sigmod sister societies sigmod record   s ceri   la kalinichenko   m kitsuregawa   h lu   v  2000.0 
using joint application design to develop readable formal specifications information and software technology   1996.0 rb jackson   dw embley   
les bioprovinces de la paratã © thys et leurs relations f marinescu paleontologia i evoluciã ³    
analysis and design an adaptive virtual queue ( avq ) algorithm for active queue management v misra   wb gong   d towsley proc . acm/sigcomm      
beach birds . a coasst field guide t hass   jk parrish  2000.0 
defunctionalization at work o danvy   lr nielsen proceedings of the 3rd acm sigplan international conference & hellip ;   2001.0 
on the autocorrelation structure of tcp traffic computer networks   2002.0 dr figueiredo   b liu   v misra   d towsley   
reviewing the research literature : you do n't have to do it alone j koziol-mclain   p tanabe 1996.0  journal of emergency nursing    
querying continuous time sequences l lin   t risch 1998.0  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
how to hide zinc in a small protein ca blindauer   pj sandler acc . chem . res   2005.0 
perspective and the poetic process n sullivan wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1965.0 
implementation and analysis of efficient graph planarity testing algorithms . rw shirey  1969.0 
when financial incentives pay for themselves : early findings from the self-sufficiency projectâ ?? s c michalopoulos   pk robins   d card    
java is hot   hot   hot c babcok computerworld      
a query languageand optimization techniquesfor unstructured data p buneman   s davidson   g hillebrand   d suciu proceedings of acm-sigmod international conference on & hellip ;      
history on trial : culture wars and the teaching of the past gb nash   c crabtree   re dunn   
biodiversity politics and the contest for ownership of the worldâ ?? s biota s sanderson   kh redford see kramer      
on-board engine life usage monitoring by real time computation m koehl   
an analysis of bgp convergent properties it gri &   g wiifong proc . acm sigcomm    
routine ultrasound in late pregnancy ( after 24 weeks gestation ) cochrane database syst rev   l bricker   jp neilson  2000.0 
hodfa : an architectural framework for homogenizing heterogeneous legacy databases sigmod record   cw bay   hk kowloon  1995.0 
higher order asymptotic expansion for a functional of a mixing process with applications to y sakamoto   n yoshida  unpublished manuscript    
dbenchâ ?? oltp : a dependability benchmark for oltp application environments m vieira   h madeira technical report dei-006-2002   issn 0873-9293   departamento de  
double gloving to reduce surgical cross infection cochrane database syst review   2002.0 j tanner   h parkinson   
facilitating treatment in patients with stroke or chest pain through a dedicated ed chest pain / journal of emergency nursing   l bazarnick   p napolitano   j capodanno   d graf  2002.0 
novel cell lines display properties of nociceptive sensory neurons proceedings : biological sciences   jn wood   sj bevan   pr coote   pm dunn   a harmar   p  1990.0 
parallel multisource view maintenance x zhang   l ding   ea rundensteiner the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2004.0    
security survey b sullivan computerworld      
design and modeling policies for two server fork/join queueing systems s chen   d towsley coins technical report 91-93   univ. of massachusetts    
analysis   modeling and generation of self-similar vbr traffic mw garrett   w willinger proceedings acm  
the role concept in database models proc . 1977 vldb conference   tokyo   japan   october   c bachman   m daya   
japanese firms ' investment strategies in emerging economies a delios   wj henisz    
turkey and the republics of central asia : emerging relations and dilemmas international studies-bombay then new delhi -   1997.0 sam pasha   
transport of bromide and chloride in a sandy and a loamy field soil m flury   1993.0 
structure   orientation   and conformational changes in transmembrane domains of multidrug c vigano   l manciu   jm ruysschaert  acc . chem . res   2005.0 
observations of the decomposition of crystals of lead iodide in the electron microscope phil . mag   aj forty   
a forwarding concept for hiperlan/2 n esseling   hs vandra   b walke computer networks   2001.0    
a response to r. camps ' article â ?? domains   relations and religious warsâ ?? cj date acm sigmod record     1996.0 
fundamental consideration and current development in the production and use of petroleum oils la riehl proc . int . soc . citriculture    
improving the climate : eight universities meet the challenges of diversity . dr vom saal new directions for teaching and learning   1992.0    
marginalized   not marginal : adult education 's unique contribution to the fight against hiv/aids new directions for adult and continuing education   jp egan  2005.0 
more commentary on missing information ( applicable and inspplicable ) in reiational database ef codd  sigmod record    
real-time interfaces for interface-based design of real-time systems with fixed priority scheduling 2005.0 e wandeler   l thiele proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ;    
an approach to knowledge generation by research and its utilisation in practice-situating doctoral v popovic   
dennis patrick cantwell jb grossman md      
mapping a semantic data model to the relational model proc . acm sigmod p lyngbaek   v vianu   
a theory of predicate-complete test coverage and generation   2004 microsoft research technical report t ball   
innovations in thermoplastic die attach adhesives for microelectronic packaging s corbett   p ongley    
supply chain inventory management and the value of shared information gp cachon   m fisher  management science   2000.0 
sea breeze effects on large-scale atmospheric flow h savijarvi contributions to atmospheric physics   1995.0    
xywrite 4.0 : essential upgrade for loyalists pc magazine   e mendelson  1993.0 
chain : operator scheduling for memory minimization in stream systems proceedings of acm-sigmod   m dalar   b babcock   s babu   r motwani   
service and restoration routing and wavelength assignment   and restoration signaling in optical g sahin  ph. d. dissertation ( university of washington   seattle    
data storage technology s setia   o frieder   d grossman    
varying instructional strategies to accommodate diverse thinking skills . curriculum concerns . social studies and the young learner   1996.0 mr hillis   jf eschenbach   
low temperature diamond growth using halogenated hydrocarbons submitted for publication   i schmidt   f hentschel   c benndorf   
science service learning chm 197 b resource manual . university of washington   seattle   washington   t samberg   b woodward   d wiegand   m vredevoogd   n   
from codd to xml proceedings of the twentieth acm sigmod-sigact-sigart & hellip ;   v vianu   aw odyssey   
fetopathogenicity of maternal hyperthermia at mid-gestation jt done   ae wrathall   c richardson proc . int . pig . vet . soc    
the syntony quest : evolutionary vision for change in your world a laszlo unpublished manuscript      
wetting of wood gi mantanis   ra young wood science and technology   1997.0    
dax : a dynamically adaptive distributed system for processing complex continuous queries b liu   y zhu   m jbantova   e rundensteiner vldb demo      
windows 2000 dependability b levidow   b murphy    
emerging broadband access technologies 1998.0 dea clarke   g lampard   rp merrett   dw smith   jf bt technology journal    
evaluation des tempã © ratures neutroniques dans les zones de rã © action d'oklo   par lâ ?? ã © tude des p holliger   c devillers   g retali proceedings   le phã © nomã ¨ ne d &#39; oklo : vienna   international & hellip ;      
it implementation through the lens of organizational learning : a case study of insuror kt ang   jyl thong   cs yap    
globalisation and singaporean transmigration : re-imagining and negotiating national identity l kong    
the ability to detect deceit generalizes across different types of high-stake lies mg frank   p ekman journal of personality and social psychology     1997.0 
panoramic image mosaicing hy shum   r szeliski technical report msr-tr-97-23   microsoft research   september    
internet service differentiation using transport options : the case for policy-aware congestion p gevros   
using laptops in engineering courses for real-time data collection and analysis new directions for teaching and learning   2005.0 mw ohland   ea stephan   
predicting sales rates for thousands of retail traders d. tsaptsinos : proceedings of the international conference & hellip ;   t ragg   w menzel   w baum   m wigbers   
on-card bytecode verification for java card x leroy lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
treatment of pruritus in polycythaemia vera with h 1 and h 2 receptor antagonists : a double blind l parapia   dn norfolk   g byrne   be roberts proc int soc haematol      
the power range assignment problem in radio networks on the plane 2000.0 aef clementi   p penna   r silvestri lecture notes in computer science    
the supply of childcare in britain : do mothers queue for childcare ? unpublished manuscript   a chevalier   tk viitanen  2003.0 
a consideration on normal form of not-necessarily-normalized relation in then ; t ~ ;   aa rnn ~ id ~ r ~ proceedings international conference on very large data & hellip ;   a makinouchi   
investigating the response of offshore foundations in soft clay soils bw byrne   mj cassidy    
th . von clarmann   m. birk und g. wagner   interconsistency checks of clono 2 retrievals from mipas-b h oelhaf   g wetzel   m hopfner   f friedl-vallon   n proc . int . radiation symposium    
a new normal form for nested relations zm ozsoyoglu   ly yuan acm transactions on database systems     1987.0 
formal aspects of concurrency control in long-duration transaction systems using the nt/pv model hf korth   g speegle acm transactions on database systems     1994.0 
an introduction to system reliability analysis 1993.0 rn shaw   ide videlo bt technology journal    
the effectiveness of methadone maintenance treatment : patients   programs   services   and outcome jc ball   a ross 1991.0    
globalâ ?? 93   international conference and technology exhibition â ?? future nuclear systems : emerging proceedings   seattle   washington   september   bf myasoedov   mk chmutova   
chamberlin.â ?? query by hummingâ ?? l ghias proceedings of acm multimedia    
a deductive database language supporting modules b freitag   
chilean typhoid committee . 1987 . large-scale field trial of ty21a live oral typhoid vaccine in mm levine   c ferreccio   re black   r germanier lancet  
biopatentminer : an information retrieval system for biomedical patents 2004.0 s mukherjea   b bamba proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
online collection of midterm student feedback cd bullock new directions for teaching and learning     2003.0 
an ultrasensitive silicon pressure-based flowmeter st cho   k najafi   cl lowman   kd wise    
processing queries over rdf views of wrapped relational databases j petrini   t risch   
microsoft word version 6.0 ms word microsoft corporation    
csma/pdcr : a random access protocol without priority inversion j turiel   j marinero   j gonzã ¡ lez procs . of annualconference of the ieee industrial & hellip ;      
double standard jc dvorak  pc  
action potential transfer at the purkinje-ventricular junction : role of transitional cells ao verkerk   mw veldkamp   acg van ginneken   r   
encouraging self-assessment : writing as active learning new directions for teaching and learning   eh hobson  1996.0 
ip flow identification for ip traffic carried over switched networks a john   ra copeland   lb keith computer networks      
late   unstable wares plague is projects w brandel computerworld    
advanced separation of concerns lecture notes in computer science   j brichau   m glandrup   s clarke   l bergmans  2002.0 
controllership   the work of the managerial accountant 1995.0 jd willson   jm roehl-anderson   sm bragg   
cyberinfrastructure for r links   b informatics   b informatics   
systematic synthesis of analogue circuits-part i notation and synthesis toolbox dg haigh   pm radmore procs 2004 ieee    
efficient on-the-fly data race detection in multithreaded c++ programs e pozniansky   a schuster    
religious competitions and the spread of alternative spirituality in comtemporary brazil 2001.0 rt carpenter   
implementation concepts for an extensible data model and data language 1988.0 ds batory   ty leung   te wise acm transactions on database systems    
sprechspiele fã 1/4 r deutsch als fremdsprache   hueber   ismaning   1993 l prange    
automatic reconstruction of concept models by using a digital photogrammetric measurement system   â ?? p krzystek   f petran   h schewe iaprs   zurich   switzerland      
oral treatment of carnitine myopathy gp hosking   npc cavanagh   dpl smyth   j wilson 1977.0  lancet i    
distributed pagerank computation based on iterative aggregation-disaggregation methods y zhu   s ye   x li proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
donâ ?? t scrap it   wrap it ! a wrapper architecture for legacy sources proceedings of vldb conference   mt roth   p schwarz   
caring and paying : what fathers and mothers say about child support f see furstenberg   k sherwood   m sullivan 1992.0    
j & ungar   sg ( 1999 ) a newly emerging customer premises paradigm for delivery of network-based computer dl waring   k kerpez   
queries and computation on the web s abiteboul   v vianu lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
community education for older adults . b courtenay new directions for adult and continuing education   1990.0    
a cross-country investigation of the determinants of scope of e-commerce use : an institutional jl gibbs   kl kraemer electronic markets   2004.0 
issues in large-vocabulary interactive speech systems bt technology journal   dj attwater   sj whittaker  1996.0 
thecomparativeaccuraciesofglobalpositioningsystemdierentialpositioning modes . '' de wells   da davidson   d delikaraoglou   rb langley proceedings of the iag symposia   symposium d   the future of & hellip ;      
writing to learn : back to another basic . s tomlinson new directions for teaching and learning   1990.0 
what has ai done for us ? bt technology journal   m georgeff   n azarmi  2003.0 
task decomposition support to reactive scheduling   in the proceedings of the 5th european conference 1999.0 b drabble   
parameters characterizing reactors for physical research at . an erykalov   yv petrov   
scrap your boilerplate : a practical design pattern for generic programming r lammel   sp jones   
priority assignment in distributed real-time databases supporting temporal consistency 1998.0 vcs lee integrated computer-aided engineering    
tannenhousedl . architectural consideration for a new generation of protocols dd clark  proc acm  
hitting the distributed computing sweet spot with tspaces tj lehman   a cozzi   y xiong   j gottschalk   v computer networks     2001.0 
a high-performance distributed algorithm for mining association rules a schuster   r wolff   d trock 2005.0  knowledge and information systems    
wrapping web information providers by transducer induction . in de raedt   l.   and flach   p.   eds b chidlovskii european conference on machine learning ( ecml 2001 )    
operational planning for electronic toll collection : a unique approach to computer modeling analysis j danko   v gulewicz   
article details journal of machine learning research   rp manifolds  2001.0 
bayesian design of single   double   and sequential stratified sampling for estimating proportion in s zacks  1967.0 
development of a mems microsystem to study the effect of mechanical tension on cerebral cortex g lin   vi wu   re hainley   la flanagan   es monuki      
the introduction of the ox plow in central gambia see ref   pm weil   
the principle of commitment ordering y raz  vldb conference    
pessimism versus populism : the problematic politics of popular culture j clarke see ref      
the cerebellum as a neuronal machine jc eccles   m ito   j szentã ¡ gothai 1967.0    
how to use virtual environments for engineering projects o riedel   r breining   h scharm    
design and implementation of a biodiversity information management system bj srikanta   j haritsa    
wal   t. imielinski   and a. swami . mining associa . t. ion rules between sets of items in large dat   r agra proc . of the acm sigmod con-ferrncc on man   agement of  
transport for the disabled r gant  geography    
can brown be green ? lessons from one university 's quest for environmental responsibility . new directions for higher education   j corless   h ward  1992.0 
statistical database management hkt wong  proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1982.0 
the youth entitlement demonstration : an interim report on program implementation j ball  1979.0 
â ? ³ formal model of correctness without serializability.â ? ³ acm sigmod international conference on h korth   g speegle  sigmod record    
data structure for association rule mining : t-trees and p-trees f coenen   p leng   s ahmed 2004.0  ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering    
the study on third harmonic gyrotron with complex cavity l hongfu   d pinzhong   y shiwen   h yong   w wenxiang proc . conf . dig . 21st int . conf . infrared and millimeter & hellip ;    
multiscan-based test compression and hardware decompression using lz77 proc . int . test conf   2002.0 fg wolff   c papachristou   
relational data-base management systems dd chamberlin  acm computing surveys ( csur )   1976.0 
a guide to the antitrust economics of networks antitrust   ds evans   r schmalensee   
sputnik [ cd-rom ] microsoftâ ® encarta   jn tatarewicz   
the concept of the garden in children 's learning and literature . curriculum concerns . bl nourie   sl hull social studies and the young learner   1996.0    
cyclic load testing of wood structural panel shear walls . td skaggs   jd rose  proc.   int . wood engineering conf    
third national cancer survey . incidence data . nci monograph no. 41   nih no. 75-787   nci   bethesda sj cutler   jl young  md    
the market price of risk and the equity premium : a legacy of the great depression ? 2004.0 t cogley   tj sargent   
network security private communication in a public world second edition c kaufman   r perlman   m speciner    
profile-based routing : a new framework for mpls traffic engineering s suri   m waldvogel   pr warkhede 2001.0  lecture notes in computer science    
a group mobility model for ad hoc wireless networks proceedings of acm/ieee mswim   g bianchi   x hong   m gerla   g pei   cc chiang   
optical metropolitan dwdm networks an overview k grobe   m wiegand   j mccall  bt technology journal   2002.0 
tribeca : a stream database manager for network traffic analysis proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1996.0 m sullivan   
characterizing the two-tier gnutella topology d stutzbach   r rejaie 2005.0  proceedings of acm sigmetrics ( poster )    
myosin ii activation promotes neurite retraction during the action of rho and rho-kinase 1998.0 m amano   k chihara   n nakamura   y fukata   t yano   genes to cells    
asian   african and european biota meet at ` evolution canyon ` israel : local tests of global e nevo  proceedings : biological sciences   1995.0 
high voltage power supply for pulsed state lasers electronic eengineering   le erickson   qw koechner   
democratizing action research at work : a scandinavian model . m elden   r gjersvik 1994.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
human factors study of two screen-oriented query languages : stbe and qbe information and software technology   g ozsoyoglu   wa abdul-qader  1992.0 
teacher training [ cd-rom ] microsoftâ ® encarta   ww brickman   
collective action by women in community-based program planning sm scott   m schmitt-boshnick new directions for adult and continuing education   1996.0    
key note : trust management for public-key infrastructures 1999.0 m blaze   j pigenbaum   ad keromytis lecture notes in computer science    
bayesian real-time optical flow . js zelek   
performance of a database manager in a virtual memory system 1976.0 sw sherman   rs brice acm transactions on database systems    
privacy leakage in multi-relational databases via pattern based semi-supervised learning h xiong   m steinbach   v kumar  proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
social comparison   self-consistency   and the concept of self s morse   kj gergen journal of personality and social psychology     1970.0 
ideal time-frequency denoising 1994.0 dl donoho   im johnstone   
how to prevent cheating in pinchâ ?? s scheme electronic letters   g hossein   j pieprzyk   gr chaudhry   j seberry   
microsoft site server ( commerce ed . ) : talk-slides available at the conference b ojjeh  proceedings of the 1999 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1999.0 
sex role identity in young adults : its parental antecedents and relation to ego development d costos 1986.0  journal of personality and social psychology    
a generalization of projective covers of modules over finite group algebras t okuyama unpublished    
resource sharing and the network approach . w shaw new directions for higher education   1982.0 
strongly typed inductive concept learning pa flach   c giraud-carrier   jw lloyd  lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
the lived experience of minnesota secondary school library media specialists in an era of me kelsey 2004.0    
nfql : the natural forms query language acm transactions on database systems   1989.0 dw embley   
web site globalization j disabatino computerworld    
social capital   community coalitions and the role of institutions . sr smith unpublished manuscript      
ydraylika erga para toic arhaioic ( hydraulic works of the ancients ) 1974.0 dl papadimos   
the grounds and extent of legal responsibility rw wright    
the infosleuth project white-paper d woelk   c tomlinson  technical report infosleuth-95-01   microelectronics and computer  
priority assignment in real-time active databases 1996.0 d towsley the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;    
storing semistructured data with stored a deutsh   m fernandezâ ? ¦ proc of acm sigmod conf . on management of data      
media-basednavigationforhypermediasystems k hirata   y hara   n shibata   f hirabayashi proceedings of acm hypertext      
investigating upper bounds on network lifetime extension for cell-based energy conservation dm blough   p santi proceedings of the acm/ieee international conference on & hellip ;     2002.0 
against no-atman theories of anatta   asian philosophy   12 m albahari  2002.0 
synthesis of tchebycheff parameter symmetrical filters aj grossman proc . ire      
ensuring relaxed atomicity for flexible transactions in multidatabase systems . in proceedings of the a zhangâ ? ¦ acm press . minneapolis   minnesota   usa  
migration of lanthanum through the pollen exine proc . 28th annu . meet . electron . microsc . soc . am   jr rowley   jj flynn   
18   1881 . from that date until march 3   1883   when his term in the us senate ended   davis was second jag died september   
data collection and analysis for profiling programs : expectations and reality js kaser new directions for program evaluation     1996.0 
the concept of climate fk hare geography    
food web structure at equilibrium and far from it : is it the same ? 1995.0 j michalski   r arditi proceedings : biological sciences    
ensuring semi-atomicity for flexible transactions in multi-database system proc . sigmod a zhang   m nordine   b bhargava   o bukhres   
new persistent memory technologies and relational databases wp cockshott   aj cowie   gw russell   d mcgregor  submitted to vldb journal . this article is also available as & hellip ;    
magtc sets and other strange ways to implement logtc programs f bancjlhon   ys d maier   jd ullman proc 5th acm sigact-sigmod symp on prmcrples of database    
decomposition -- a strategy for query processing acm transactions on database systems   1976.0 e wong   k youssefi   
fuel assemblies for investigating accident regimes on large-scale stands for vvã?r -1000 at . ã?a boltenko   vs grigoryan   nn kirinâ ? ¦   
issues in international public data networking gr grossman   aj hinchley   ca sunshine computer networks    
strain accumulation and surface deformation along the san andreas   california vc li   1986.0 
real-time databases acm sigmod record   s son   
supra note 19   at art. 12 ( 5 ) a charter   
back to processes pgw keen computerworld    
a real time programmable data compression system for video data ( real time programmable video data rl kutz   ld davisson & hellip ; telemetering conference   washington   d. c   proceedings   1971.0 
rock work g haugen   1978.0 
domains   relations and religious wars sigmod record   1996.0 s rcamp   i ls   
decoding applied data in professional schools new directions for teaching and learning   bm rubin   s krishnan  2004.0 
let 's search for songs by humming n kosugi   y nishihara   s kon ` ya   m yamamuro   k proceedings of the seventh acm international conference on & hellip ;     1999.0 
query processing over object views of relational data g fahl   t risch the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1997.0 
the trigs active object-oriented database system-an overview . sigmod record   acms anthology  1998.0 
fish microsporidia rw shaw   ml kent  see ref    
s-plus 2000   professional edition for windows   release 1 i mathsoft   1999.0 
structure   petrology and geochronology of mesozoic paleoceanic basement terranes on cedros island dl kimbrough university of california   santa barbara    
detection dans un guide dâ ?? onde par decomposition de lâ ?? operateur retournement temporel c prada   t folegot   n mordant   m fink proceedings des 5iemes journees dâ ?? acoustique sous marine      
theories and models for internet quality of service proceedings-ieee   2002.0 v firoiu   jy le boudec   d towsley   zl zhang   
community economic development through community colleges jw young new directions for higher education     1997.0 
investigating information systems strategic alignment ye chan   sl huff  proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1993.0 
surfing wavelets on streams : one-pass summaries for approximation aggregate queries ac gilbert   y kotidis   s muthukrishnan   mt strauss proceedings of 27 thvery large data bases ( vldb ) conference      
professional mobile radioâ ?? the bt airwave public safety service and the path for technology and pr tattersall bt technology journal     2001.0 
a conceptual-modeling approach to extracting data from the web dw embley   dm campbell   ys jiang   sw liddle   yk ng lecture notes in computer science     1998.0 
not all tools are created equal s dart    
application of ternary algebra to the study of static hazards journal of the acm ( jacm )   m yoeli   s rinon  1964.0 
cellular automata ef codd    
database language sql-part 9 : management of external data ( sql/med ) iso working draft   june   n mattos   j melton   j richey   
liquid desiccant systems for cooling applications kg mahmoud   hd ball  proceedings of the 23rd iecec   denver   co    
investigating long-range electron transfer with rigid   covalently linked donor - ( norbornylogous mn paddow-row acc . chem . res    
magnetic recording system design to reduce medium noise through signal precompensation   '' ja oâ ?? sullivan   d agrawal   dg porter   rs indeck     
the work of richard ewen borcherds p goddard   
intracellular degradation of phas t saito   t kobayashi see ref      
hot spot on the russian craton and the volga-kamaâ ?? s plumeâ ?? av gusev   nk petrova proc . int . conf.â ?? geomphys iv    
carnot and infosleuthâ ?? database technology and the web proc . of acm n jacobs   r shea   
late versus early surgical correction for congenital diaphragmatic hernia in newborn infants ( v moyer   f moya   r tibboel   p losty   m nagaya   kp  cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
m.   1958 h tomlinson phil . mag      
geometrie diophantienne sur les modules de drinfeld l denis proceedings du \ \ workshop on function elds '' ohio   d. goss   d. & hellip ;    
view management in multimedia databases sc kasim   e lemar   vs subrahmanian  the vldb journal    
definition of biodiversity ir swingland  see levin    
the pathogenesis of diabetic glomerulosclerosis . ii aw berns   ct owens   y hirata   ht blumenthal a demonstration of insulin binding capacity of the various & hellip ;      
a taxonomy for secure object-oriented databases ms olivier   sh von solms acm transactions on database systems     1994.0 
from documents to discourse : shifting conceptions of scholarly publishing t sumner   sb shum    
using replication to improve reliability in distributed information systems sh son information and software technology   1987.0    
patient noncompliance : a major cause of late graft failure in cyclosporine-treated renal transplants transplant rh didlake   k dreyfus   rh kerman   ct van buren   bd   
voronoi-based k nearest neighbor search for spatial network databases 2004.0 mr kolahdouzan   c shahabi proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
qualitative modeling and similarity in back of the envelope reasoning pk paritosh   kd forbus    
sequential i/o on windows nt : achieving top performance e riedel   c ingen   j gray microsoft research technical report msr-tr-97-34    
structure and implementation of a relational query language for the problem solver f antonacci   vn spadavecchia   a turtur 1977.0  vldb    
a visual query language for odmg-compliant databases m chavda   pt wood    
a new normal form for nested relations z meral ozsoyoglu   ly yuan acm transactions on database systems    
a decomposition storage model gp copeland   s khoshafian    
hypothesis for mechanism of intestinal active transport of sugars rk crane  fed proc   1962.0 
combustion analysis and cycle-by-cycle variations in spark ignition engine combustion part 1 : an 1998.0 jk ball   rr raine   cr stone proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;    
education and the structuring of the european space : north-south   centre-periphery   identity - am kazamias   mg spillane   1998.0 
missing information ( applicable and inapplicable ) in relational databases ef codd acm sigmod record   1986.0    
â ?? a condition that is not yetâ ?? : reactions   reflections   and closing comments ba quigley   gw kuhne new directions for adult and continuing education   1997.0    
multiple factors and latent structure wa gibson unpublished    
on real-time transactions 1988.0 ja stankovic   w zhao sigmod record    
the excess burden of lottery finance st kim   jm marshall   
what we value : a survey of one community 's beliefs c montgomery   l plevyak 2000.0  social studies and the young learner    
aj herbertson and his work jf unstead  geography    
stream : the stanford data stream management system a arasu   b babcock   s babu   j cieslewicz   m datar      
stimulation by thyroid hormone of phosphate transport in primary cultured renal cells l noronha-blob   v lowe   b sacktor    
aspect-oriented requirements engineering for component-based software systems j grundy   
maya-lenca ethnic relations in late classic period copan   honduras ai gerstle 1988.0    
puget sound regional council seattle   washington ( november ia work   
the relational and network approaches : comparison of the application programming interfaces cj date   ef codd proceedings of the 1975 acm sigfidet ( now sigmod ) workshop & hellip ;     1975.0 
on the comparison of association rule hiding techniques ed pontikakis   vs verykios   y theodoridis hellenic database management symposium   athens   greece    
studying world war ii in the elementary school . curriculum concerns . social studies and the young learner   me haas   jk tiptonâ ? ¦  1994.0 
a component-based development framework for supporting functional and non-functional analysis in j fredriksson   m tivoli   i crnkovic  proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
s. lin . automaticsynthesisofasynchronous circuits proc . of 28th dac   kj linandc   
an aspect-based approach to modeling access control concerns i ray   r france   n li   g georg    
fast discrete signal transforms and monomial representations of finite groups s egner   m pã 1/4 schel submitted for    
secure group communication using key graphs . proccedings of the siggcom conference   vancouver   ck wong   m gouda   ss lam   1998.0 
traversal recursion : a practical approach to suporting recursive applications a rose861 rosenthal   s heiler   u dayal   f manola acm sigmod int . conf.   austin   texas   may    
inhibiting and facilitating conditions of the human smile : a nonobtrusive test of the facial 1988.0 f strack   ll martin   s stepper journal of personality and social psychology    
quest : a project on database mining r agrawal    
models and issues in data streaming systems b babcock   s babu   r motwani   j widom  sigmod record    
object-oriented encapsulation for dynamically typed languages n scharli   ap black   s ducasse    
design of radex-realtime database experimental system r sivasankaran   b purimetla   j stankovic   k   1998.0 
automatic direct and indirect schema mapping : experiences and lessons learned sigmod record   dw embley   l xu   y ding  2004.0 
tommaso toffoli and norman h. margolus . invertible cellular automata : a review t und margolus 1990.0    
organizational social capital and employment practices the academy of management review   1999.0 cr leana   hj van buren iii   
of rna editing and cytoplasmic male sterility in plants a araya   d begu   pv graves   m hernould   s litvak see ref    
electro-klean electrokinetic soil processing i electrokinetics  site technology profile-demonstration program   available at & hellip ;    
12301 parklawn drive   rockville atc collection   
a case against the go to proceedings acm   wa wulf   
panel : real-time databases proc . of the 17th int vldb conf.   barcelona   september   k ramamritham   
class and channel condition based scheduler for edge/gprs r agrawal   a bedekar   rj la   rs pazhyannur   v proc . spie     2001.0 
catalyzing private capital flows : do imf programs work as commitment devices a mody   d saravia  2003.0 
message-based priority functions in local multiaccess communication systems r rom   fa tobagi  computer networks    
query optimization by stored queries vldb   1987.0 k subieta   w rzeczkowski   
current methods in cellular neurobiology de schmechel   de marangos  i    
semcog : an object-based image retrieval system and its visual query language ws li   c ks   k hirata   y hara proceedings of acm sigmod international conference on  
feiner . s. '' scope : automated generation of graphical interfaces . '' c beshers  proc . acm  
emotional expression and brain physiology i. approach/withdrawal and cerebral asymmetry rj davidson   p ekman   c saron   j senulis   wv journal of personality and social psychology      
applied microsoft . net framework programming in microsoft visual basic . net j richter   f balena   2002.0 
indexing moving points pk argarwal   l arge   j erickson proc . of acm podsâ ?? 00      
query processing   resource management   and approximation in a data stream management system a arasu   b babcock   s babu   m datar   j rosenstein    procs . of 1st cidr  
51 lettersâ ?? no reply ! bombay times   the times of india   g da cunha   
action representation   prediction and concepts m rosenstein   pr cohen   md schmill   ms atkin   
developing the uml as a formal modelling notation a evans   r france   k lano   b rumpe  proceedings of  
rock preconditioning to prevent rock bursts wj karwoski   wc mclaughlin   w blake  report on a field demonstrationâ ??   united states department & hellip ;    
unattended audioconferencing bt technology journal   1997.0 dl gibson   d pauley   l willis   
agent-based semantic integration of information in open and dynamic environments rj bayardo   w bohrer   r brice   a cichocki   g acm sigmod record vol . 26   no. 2 ( june 1997 )   sigmodâ ?? 97 .  
optimizing web queries through semantic caching b chidlovskii   c roncancio   ml schneider    
a predictability analysis of network traffic a sang   s li computer networks   2002.0 
essential role of active nuclear transport in apoptosis n yasuhara   y eguchi   t tachibana   n imamoto   y genes to cells   1997.0 
the transmission of digital dual channel sound at ibc   r wellbeloved   mn kyffin   
intranasal corticosteroids for asthma control in people with coexisting asthma and rhinitis p taramarcaz   pg gibson cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 
bisphosphonates for steroid induced osteoporosis j homik   a cranney   b shea   p tugwell   g wells   r cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
icon editor : the specification of graphic behavior without coding m rosenstein   l weitzman  proceedings of the 23rd annual hawaii international & hellip ;    
ground ash densities in minas geraisâ ?? brazil proceedings of the 23rd international conference on & hellip ;   jh diniz   am carvalho   lcl cherchiglia   wj souza     
rough sleeping in wales-housing research report hr1/00 p bevan isbn    
new proposal for a common command language in information systems y vander auwera   l bernard acm sigmod record   1982.0 
digital homesâ ?? for richer for poorer   who are they for ? pa rout bt technology journal   2002.0    
metabolism of cyclosporine g maurer transplant  
statstream : statistical monitoring of thousands of data streams in real time vldb   y zhu   d shasha  2002.0 
super-symmetric decomposition of the fourth-order cumulant tensor . blind identification of more jf cardoso    
cardosin b is an aspartic proteinase expressed at the extracellular matrix of the transmitting m vieira   j pissarra   p verissimo   p castanheira   1999.0    
the decomposition of leaves in two southern california streams sd hart  1975.0 
biochemical monitoring of toxic and carcinogenic organic pollutants along the ä ° zmä ° r bay after the t boyuneä?mez  2004.0 
assessing student work from chatrooms and bulletin boards jf bauer new directions for teaching and learning   2002.0    
microporous and mesoporous materials l gora   jc jansen   t maschmeyer    
aplicacionesâ ?? microsoft excel m del usuario de visual basic 2000.0    
link-dependent explanation generation k kukich proceedings of the 23rd an-nual meeting of the association & hellip ;      
phluid : the design of a parallel functional language implementation on workstations proceedings of the first acm sigplan international & hellip ;   1996.0 c flanagan   rs nikhil   
private information retrieval j acm   1998.0 b chor   o goldreich   e kushilevitz   m sudan   
materializing views with minimal size to answer queries r chirkova   c li   
objektorientierte spezifikation von informationssystemen   teubnerâ ?? verlag   1993 [ sk94 ] a. sheth   n. 20th vldb conference   poster paper collection   g saake   
the amino terminal and e2f interaction domains are critical for c/ebpalpha-mediated induction of   lm johansen   ea nelson   hs radomska   ek evans   p blood-new york -   2003.0 
the ottawa ankle rules in asia : validating a clinical decision rule for requesting x-rays in journal of emergency medicine   sy tay   fl thoo   yy sitoh   e seow   hp wong  1999.0 
adhesions : laparoscopic surgery versus laparotomy s milingos   g kallipolitis   d loutradis   a liapi   2000.0  annals-new york academy of sciences    
the impact of maintainability on component-based software systems m matinlassi   e niemelã $ the proc . of the 29th euromicro conference . ieee computer & hellip ;      
globalised manufacturing and technology transfer strategiesâ ?? the development of a technology dj bennett   kg vaidya   hy zhao   xm wang & hellip ; of the sixth international conference on management of & hellip ;      
data mining on an oltp system ( nearly ) for free e riedel   c faloutsos   gr ganger   df nagle  sigmod conference   2000.0 
concurrent object-oriented programming languages c tomlinson   m scheevel acm press frontier series   1989.0 
efficiency and equity in augmenting water supply lj mercer   wd morgan 1973.0    
persistent threads u hamburg   vk stral3e   
an inherently lossless and bandwidth efficient scheme for periodic broadcast of vbr video i nikolaidis   f li   a hu proc . acm sigmetricsâ ?? 00    
rochester 's intelligent gateway ka lantz   kd gradischnig   ja feldman   rf rashid  ieee computer    
educator and architect partnerships for success j butz 2002.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
chemotherapy with etoposide   vincristine   doxorubicin   bolus cyclophosphamide   and oral prednisone g akpek   hk koh   s bogen   coâ ?? hara   fm foss    
orienting of visual attention r klein   a kingstone   a pontefract eye movements and visual cognition : scene perception and & hellip ;     1992.0 
fuzzy association rules in large databases with quantitative attributes cm kuok   a fu   mh wong  acm sigmod records   march    
powerherd : dynamically satisfying peak power constraints in interconnection networks l shang   ls peh   nk jha  proc . int . conf . supercomputing    
approach-withdrawal and cerebral asymmetry : emotional expression and brain physiology i 1990.0 rj davidson   p ekman   cd saron   ja senulis   wv journal of personality and social psychology    
andreina   ca ( 1999 ) . scalingem ( expectation-maximation ) clustering to large databases ps bradley   um fayyad technical report no . msrtr-98-35   seattle microsoft  
pianoforte : a system for piano education beyond notation literacy sw smoliar   
influences on internal evaluation data dependability : organizational issues and data quality control fl newman   r white   d zuskar   e plaut  new directions for program evaluation   1983.0 
the religious ceremonies and customs of the parsees 1922.0 jj modiâ ? ¦   
a method for the construction of minimum redundancy codes da human proc . ire    
digital subscriber lines jm cioffi   p silverman   t starr computer networks    
discovery of fk-506   a novel immunosuppressant isolated from streptomyces tsukubaensis transplant t goto   t kino   h hatanaka   m nishiyama   m okuhara   
userâ ?? s guide to the mvl system ml ginsberg    
acceleration of ray-casting using 3-d distance transforms ki zuiderveld   ahj koning   ma viergever proceedings of spie   1808.0    
interpleural block for patients with multiple rib fractures : comparison with epidural block 1994.0 k shinohara   h iwama   y akama   c tase journal of emergency medicine    
communication-efficient distributed mining of association rules a schuster   r wolff data mining and knowledge discovery     2004.0 
active magnetic bearings   basics   properties and applications of active magnetic bearings . 1994 vdf g schweitzer   h bleuler   a traxler  isbn    
complete axiomatization for relational update transactions   '' d karabeg   v vianu   s rules acm tods    
molina f. andrade l.   yudovich m.-simul-taneous mandibular and maxillary distraction f ortiz-monasterio marchac d.   proceedings of the sixth congress of the    
qos management in distributed real-time databases y wei   sh son   ja stankovic   kd kang   
communicating hci modelling to practitioners s buckingham shum   ah jã ¸ rgensen   a aboulafia   nv proceedings of acm  
nearly integrable infinite-dimensional hamiltonian systems sb kuksin 1993.0    
expanded beam connectors with microlens fibers p chanclou   m thual   o gautreau   c kaczmarek   g  proc . 29th eur . conf . optical communication 14th int . conf .  
capillary electrophoresis san diego : academic   pd grossman   jc colburn   
convexity theories vi . l ^ n-convex modules and representations of n-distributive lattices h roehrl    
a comparison of the quantity and composition of material caught in a neutrally buoyant versus ko buesseler   dk steinberg   af michaels   rj   
optimizationâ ?? an emerging tool in computer graphics j marks   m cohen   jt ngo   s shieber   j snyder proceedings of acm siggraph      
computer animated simulation of traffic flow fj sarno  proc . acm urban symposium    
the development of professional expertise in the workplace 2000.0 vw mott new directions for adult and continuing education    
meral ã?zsoyoglu   li-yan yuan   a normal form for nested relations z oy proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on    
sharing of home responsibilities between professionally employed women and their husbands m biernat   cb wortman journal of personality and social psychology   1991.0 
pm3 : an orthogonal persistent systems programming language-design   implementation   performance a hosking   j chen proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1999.0 
what can you build with thousands of bricks ? musings on the cumulation of knowledge in program new directions for program evaluation   1997.0 mw lipsey   
using the accreditation process to transform the mission of the library 1995.0 ra wolff new directions for higher education    
task scheduling using intertask dependencies in carnot d woelk   p attie   p cannata   g meredith sigmod record   1993.0 
tools for self-organizing applications engineering c bernon   v camps   mp gleizes   g picard lecture notes in computer science   2004.0 
a burst-level traffic analysis tool a evangelatos   t rapsomanikis   n mitrou   gi 2000.0  computer networks    
functional specifications ofa subsystem for database integrity k eswaran   d chamberlin  proc . jc vldb    
plumage colour signals nutritional condition in the house finch ge hill   r montgomerie  proceedings : biological sciences   1994.0 
it barometer survey   : the use of information technology in building r howard   2001.0 
crystal structure of the pyrococcus horikoshii dna primase-utp complex : implications for the genes to cells   n ito   o nureki   m shirouzu   s yokoyama   f hanaoka  2003.0 
initial process of polyglutamine aggregate formation in vivo genes to cells   2001.0 y kimura   s koitabashi   a kakizuka   t fujita   
sensor fusion for mobile robot navigation m kam   x zhu   p kalata proceedings-ieee   1997.0    
the uneasy alliance ; jewish-anglo relations in san diego   1850-1860 . h schwartz  1974.0 
efficient representation of extensible records d remy  proceedings of acm sigplan workshop on ml and its & hellip ;   1992.0 
studies on oceanography : a collection of papers dedicated to koji hidaka rw stewart 1964.0    
distributed speech recognition l burget   f grezl    
the federal role . 1976.0 rh davidson   js stark new directions for higher education    
the recentralization of it e von simson  computerworld    
using unobserved supply shocks to estimate the returns to educations v hogan   r rigobon 2003.0  unpublished manuscript    
b. 1986 . a formal view integration method proceedings of the acm sigmod conference . acm   new j bjskup   a convent   
storing semistructured data in relations a deutsch   m fernandez   d suciu   
using separation of concerns for embedded systems design ek jackson   j sztipanovits   
paradigm wars : a basis for peaceful coexistence and beyond l datta  new directions for program evaluation    
an extensible notation for spatiotemporal index queries vj tsotras   cs jensen   rt snodgrass  sigmod record   1998.0 
value of information in capacitated supply chains s gavirneni   r kapuscinski   s tayur  management science   1999.0 
autonomous acquisition of fuzzy rules for mobile robot control : first results from two evolutionary ag pipe   b carse  procs . of genetic & evolutionary comp . gecco 2000    
pamoramic image mosaic hy shum   r szeliski technical report msr-tr-97-23   microsoft research   one microsoft  
dynamic linking and hot swapping for mobile code languages   august 1999 unpublished d duggan   
channel classification   prediction of channel response   and assessment of channel condition dr montgomery   jm buffington 1993.0    
subjective barriers to prevent wandering of cognitively impaired people jd price   dg hermans   j grimley evans 2000.0  cochrane database syst rev    
parity striping of disk arrays : low-cost reliable storage with acceptable throughput j gray   b horst   m walker  vldb   1990.0 
weizhao . \ \ on real-timetransactions . '' j stankovic acm   sigmod record      
speech pathology phonological screening awareness test a henty unpublished manuscript      
assessing organisational obstacles to component-based development : a case study approach information & software technology   2000.0 d kunda   l brooks   
the late pleistocene of the central north-siberian lowland . izvestia academy of sciences ussr el fisher   bn leonov   mz nikolskaya   om petrov   ap geography      
sperm competition games : a prospective analysis of risk assessment 1997.0 ga parker   ma ball   p stockley   mjg gage proceedings : biological sciences    
building bridges with practice : an empirical study of electronic commerce issues ng shaw   
the variables of positive change new directions for higher education   2002.0 df sullivan   
social behavior jo wolff advances in the study of peromyscus   1989.0    
activators and repressors : making use of chromatin to regulate transcription ap wolffe   j wong   d pruss 1997.0  genes to cells    
procrastination scheduling in fixed priority real-time systems r jejurikar   r gupta    
a cmos quaternary latch kw current   
