predicitve validity of kindergarten screeners for young children with reading difficulties ra haats   2002.0 
world population prospects : the 1996 revision u nations  new york    
multirate analog-digital systems for signal processing and conversion j franca   a petraglia   sk mitra proceedings of the ieee   1997.0 
psm : software tool for simulating   prototyping   and monitoring of multiprocessor systems a stafylopatis   i papakonstantinou   s kaxiras  information and software technology   1992.0 
cost effective dynamic program slicing x zhang   r gupta   
hermes : a heterogeneous reasoning and mediator system   1994 submitted for vs subrahmanian   s adali   a brink   r emery   jl lu     
urban watershed gis models for neighborhood environmental education . 1997 acsm/asprs annual cj van zee   p hayes seattle   washington   april    
legal studies and mediation . j rifkin new directions for higher education   1980.0 
to edit rdf u protã © gã ©   
role of interoperability in business application development d cohen   g larson   l berke proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1993.0    
safetynet : a language-based approach to programmable networks i wakeman   a jeffrey   t owen   d pepper computer networks     2001.0 
performance analysis using the mips r10000 performance counters m zagha   b larson   s turner   m itzkowitz   
passive dynamic running experimental robotics i   mh raibert   cm thompson   
the house mouse : atlas of embryonic development k theiler   1989.0 
tata probabilistic temporal databases   i : algebra a dekhtyar   r ross   vs subrahmanian technical report cs-tr-3987   department of computer science    
classroom behaviors related to college teaching effectiveness h murray new directions for teaching and learning : using research to & hellip ;    
a multimedia presentation algebra sigmod   s adalä ±   ml sapino   vs subrahmanian  1999.0 
cytoplasmic ion transport as a general   very early step in the orientation of the embryonic left - m levin  2003.0 
intra-transaction parallelism in the mapping of an object model to a relational multi-processor vldb m rys   mc norrie   hj schek   
influence of gaps and neighbouring plants on seedling establishment in limestone grassland p ryser experimental field studies in northern switzerland . zurich . & hellip ;    
responses of grizzly bears to seismic surveys in northern alaska international conference on bear research and management   pe reynolds   hv reynolds   eh follmann   
amniotic fluid acetylcholinesterase as a possible diagnostic test for neural tube defects in early ad smith   nj wald   hs cuckle   gm stirrat   m bobrow lancet i     1979.0 
in : atlas mundial encarta pp de los libres-uruguaiana  microsoft corporation   2001.0 
imhexr mcfc stack scale-up t benjamin   g rezniko   r donelsonâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 27th intersociety energy conversion & hellip ;   1992.0 
effect of limestone feed on emissions of nox and n2o from a circulating fluidized bed combustion t shimizu   d fujita  1993.0 
high-speed dacs require special testing pj hanlon   bl price electronic design    
av/stol ground effects test facility tm evans   jm cooksey & hellip ; symposium   25 th   anaheim   calif   proceedings . part 1   1979.0    
the credit hour and faculty instructional workload t ehrlich 2003.0  new directions for higher education    
implementation of a mobile mpeg-21 peer proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 s lauf   i burnett   
for the pierre auger collaboration m mostafa proc . 28th icrc   ( tsukuba   japan   2003 )    
covariance selection and estimation via penalized normal likelihood unpublished manuscript   2005.0 jz huang   n liu   m pourahmadi   
effects of components of protection-motivation theory on adaptive and maladaptive coping with a journal of personality and social psychology   pa rippetoe   rw rogers  1987.0 
khordeh avesta f shahzadi  san diego    
lightweight uses of logic in conceptual modelling d robertson   j augustä ± acm press   new york    
primitives for workload summarization and implications for sql s chaudhuri   p ganesan   v narasayya proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
entendendo a lei de responsabilidade fiscal e nascimento   i debus unpublished manuscript    
on ripples jr wilton phil . mag      
process excellence and capability determination bt technology journal   c mackie  1997.0 
soil microbiology and biochemistry . 2 . ed . califã ³ rnia san diego : academicpress   ea paul   fe clark   
automotive box section design under torsion . part 1 : finite element modelling strategy mmk lee   t pine   tb jones proceedings-institution of mechanical engineers part d & hellip ;   2000.0 
the forcing geodetic number of a graph g chartrand   p zhang discussiones mathematicae graph theory     1999.0 
termination of context-sensitive rewriting by rewriting s lucas proceedings of the 23rd international colloquium on automata & hellip ;   1996.0 
analyzing blood cell image to distinguish its abnormalities ( poster session ) proceedings of the eighth acm international conference on & hellip ;   2000.0 ks kim   pk kim   jj song   yc park   
on the constitution of atoms and molecules ( pt 1 ) n bohr phil . mag      
one-ip : techniques for hosting a service on a cluster of machines www6 / computer networks   1997.0 op damani   pe chung   y huang   cmr kintala   ym wang   
using cooperative learning with students who have attention deficit hyperactivity disorder . pull-out social studies and the young learner   he taylor   s larson  1998.0 
influence of sulphate groups in the binding of peanut agglutinin . histochemical demonstration with ja martinez-menarguez   j ballesta   m aviles   jf  the histochemical journal   1992.0 
satisfying accountability needs with nontraditional methods . s vernon new directions for adult and continuing education     1993.0 
carnegie mellon university r cyert  new directions for higher education   1988.0 
phase transitions in foods academic press inc san diego   california   yh roos   
business-to-business interactions : issues and enabling technologies ; vldb volume 12 number 1 ; 2003 ; b medjahed   b benatallah   a bouguettaya   ahh ngu     
the cortex of the rat : a stereotaxic atlas kj zilles   1985.0 
the effects of task interruption and information presentation on individual decision making c speier   js valacich   i vessey    
experimental astronomy m barbera   a collura   a dara   m leone   fr powell    1996.0 
monomial realization of crystal graphs for uq ( a ( 1 ) n ) ja kim   
analysis of sigmods co-authorship graph sigmod record   2003.0 m nascimentoâ ? ¦   
seven lightnings over californiaâ ?? don daniel   a palero in los angelesâ ?? a video documentary d erwan   p gã © rard santa barbara   university of california      
designing an efficient and scalable server-side asynchrony model for corba d brunsch   dc schmidt    
itqs : an integrated transport query system b huang   z huang   h li   d lin   h lu   y song  proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
1 995 ga abbink  a samâ ?? cge demonstration model for  
a comparison of approaches to the evolution of homogeneous multi-robot teams m quinn    
a novel dna polymerase in the hyperthermophilic archaeon   pyrococcus furiosus : gene cloning   genes to cells   t uemori   y sato   i kato   h doi   y ishino  1997.0 
blending finite-difference and vortex methods for incompressible flow simulations ml ould sahili   gh cottet   m el hamraoui    
school of library & information science n kwon 1987.0    
kenny lynch p geographer   t geography   
algorithm 432 : solution of the matrix equation ax + xb = c comm . acm   rh bartels   gw stewart   
dessis-ise ag ise  zurich   switzerland    
an orthogonally persistent java tm sigmod record   1996.0 mp atkinson   mj jordan   t printezis   s spence   
locking primitives in a database system hf korth  journal of the acm ( jacm )   1983.0 
mathematics teacher belief system : exploring the social foundation p gates proceedings of the 25 thconference of the international & hellip ;      
polynomial schauder bases for câ ? ã ? 1 ; 1â ? with chebycheâ ? orthogonality r girgensohn   
stratego : a language for program transformation based on rewriting strategies ( system description of e visser lecture notes in computer science   2001.0    
5m bill to mend wobbly millennium bridge 2000.0 c davies   
new data on the winter ecology of the polar bear ( ursus maritimus ) on wrangel island sm uspenski   aa kistchinski  international conference on bear research and management    
the virtual microscope   university of maryland at college park   college park r ferreira   b moon   j humphries   a sussman   j  md    
large-scale data bases : who produces them   how to obtain them   what they contain de myers   rc rockwell  new directions for program evaluation   1984.0 
79 of downward departures were requested by the government   including both substantial assistance fy in   2001.0 
mood effects on person-perception judgments jp forgas   gh bower journal of personality and social psychology   1987.0    
donâ ?? t be lazy   be consistent b kemme   g alonso   2000.0 
db : web services policy framework ( ws-policy ) technical report   bea systems   ibm   microsoft   sap ag   sonic s bajajâ ? ¦   
breaking up the internet logjam pc magazine   j dvorak   
case study : factors for early prediction of software development success information & software technology   jd procaccino   jm verner   sp overmyer   me darter   
leukotrienes : their formation and role as inflammatory mediators aw ford-hutchinson  fed proc   1985.0 
a very elementary presentation of the hannenhalli-pevzner theory a bergeron 2001.0  lecture notes in computer science    
parentsâ ?? perception and knowledge level of transition services and programming needs sc fox  2001.0 
query caching and optimization in distributed mediator systems   proceedings of acm sigmod s adali   ks candan   y papakonstantinou   vs montreal   canada   june    
microsoft exchange server 2003 wr stanek 2004.0    
the nu ( sub 4 ) and nu ( sub 7 ) bands of cd 3 cn with coriolis coupling and other resonance m koivusaari   r anttila  proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ;   1991.0 
space-bounded quantum computation jh watrous 1998.0    
why sort-merge gives the best implementation of the natural joins 1983 1983.0    
exploiting early sorting and early partitioning for decision support query processing the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2000.0 j claussen   a kemper   d kossmann   c wiesner   
radiosity : an illuminating perspective sm drucker    
symbolic pointer analysis revisited j zhu   s calman    
an approach to certifying off-the-shelf software components ieee computer   j voas   
moral   social   and civic issues in the classroom . children 's literature . b mitchell-powellâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner   1996.0    
peer-to-peer : harnessing the power of disruptive technology 2001.0 r dingledine   m freedman   d molnar   
hiv/aids community-based research new directions for adult and continuing education   t trussler   r marchand  2005.0 
analysis and management of animal populations : academic press bk williams   jd nichols   mj conroy san diego   california    
special triangulations of the simplex and systems of disjoint representatives r aharoni   m chudnovsky submitted for  
theoretical and experimental research on multi-beam klystron d yaogen   p jun   z yunshu   s shaoming  aip conference proceedings   1999.0 
sino-foreign high technology joint ventures : some factors affecting performance '' d bennett   hc xia proceedings of 4th international conference on management of & hellip ;      
in atlas of protein sequence and structure   v. 5   suppl . 3 ( dayhoff   mo   ed . ) . national biochemical mo dayhoff md    
recommendations and caveats . 1987.0 df halpern new directions for higher education    
determinants of consensus estimates : attribution   salience   and representativeness m zuckerman   rw mann   fj bernieri journal of personality and social psychology    
superconductivity in d-and f-band metals proceedings of the conference on superconductivity in d-and jw garland   kh bennemann   
exchange functions : interaction primitives for specifying distributed systems submitted for publication   february   p zave   
the world health organization ( who ) classification of the myeloid neoplasms jw vardiman   nl harris   rd brunningâ ? ¦  blood-new york -   2002.0 
big retail sap project put on ice c stemand    
renewable energy research se ireland development and demonstration strategy   page    
limnology : lake and river ecosystems . 3 rdedition : academic press rg wetzel  san diego   california    
early life-cycle metrics and software quality models information and software technology   1990.0 m shepperd   
presented at spie   berlin   west germany 1986   cf proc . spie   e pfeffermann   ug briel   h hippmann   g kettenring     
workload evolution on the cornell theory center ibm sp2 lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 s hotovy   
the vagabond approach to logging and recovery in transaction-time temporal object database systems k nã ¸ rvã ¥ g    
validation algorithms for pointer values in dbtg databases bp da thomas   rj buhr acm transactions on database systems   1977.0 
from semistructured data to xml : migrating the lore data model and query language r goldman   j mchugh   j widom webdb ( informal proceedings )     1999.0 
technologies for e-services third international workshop a buchmann   f casati   l fiege   mc hsu   mc shan proceedings of of 3rd vldb workshop on technologies for e - & hellip ;    
lore : a lightweight object repository for semistructured data . acms anthology   p edition   
diy : build the em optical theremin cr fisher   s wilkinson  electronic musician    
a performance evaluation of oid mapping techniques a eickler   ca gerlhof 1995.0  vldb    
nonparametric tests of portfolio efficiency under static and dynamic conditions eb dumas   j sengupta   
architectural issues of transaction management in multi-layered systems g weikum   hj schek 1984.0  vldb    
mak . eq   â ?? self-serv : a platform for rapid composition of web services in a peer-to-peer environment qz sheng   b benatallah   m dumas proceedings of the 28 thvldb    
andasa wedelbo-hannson . a piece of butter on the pda display proceedings of acm l weberg   t brange   
â ?? crystal growth and ferroelectric related properties of ( 1â ?? x ) pb ( a 1/3 nb 2/3 ) o 3â ?? xpbtio 3 se park   ml mulvihill   pd lopath   m zipparo   tr  see  
tomgruber   and jeffrey van baalen . knowledge sharing technology project overview technical report ksl 91-71   stanford university   knowledge r fikes   m cutkosky   
financing participation in consortia mj maydew new directions for higher education     1999.0 
on accessing object-oriented databases : expressive power   complexity   and restrictions 1989.0 r hull   j su proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
quench bomb investigation of a 2 o 3 formation from solid rocket propellants ( part 2 ) : analysis of m salita proceedings of the 25 th jannaf combustion meeting      
adding geographic scopes to web resources mj silva   b martins   m chaves   
marine barite [ ph. d. thesis ] : university of california t church san diego      
slavery and economic response among the vai ( liberia and sierra leone ) see ref   se holsoe   
etal.   atimedpetri-netmodelfor fine-grain loop scheduling gr gao proc . of acm    
identification and optimization of sharing patterns for scalable shared-memory multiprocessors s kaxiras   1998.0 
skew handling techniques in sort-merge join w li   d gao   rt snodgrass    
re-evaluation of the cancridae latreille   1802 ( decapoda : brachyura ) including three new genera and ce schweitzer   rm feldmann contributions to zoology   2000.0    
diffusion in spherical shells and a new method of measuring the thermal diffusivity constant rm barrer phil . mag      
global/local subtyping and capability inference for a distributed - calculus p sewell lecture notes in computer science     1998.0 
impact on families : young adults with learning disability who show challenging behaviour h qureshi research to practice    
student recruitment and admissions . c allen new directions for higher education     1983.0 
dorais   christianplaunt   andrichardwashington . theremote agent executive : capabilities to support ga barneypell procs . of the aaai spring symp . on integrated robotic & hellip ;    
ã cents â ? ¬ å?efficiently updating materialized views   ã cents â ? ¬ â ? proc ja blakeley   p larson   fw tompa  acm sigmod    
three-year impacts of connecticutâ ?? s jobs first welfare reform initiative r hendra   c michalopoulos   d bloom   
solving alignment using elementary linear algebra lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 d bau   i kodukula   v kotlyar   k pingali   p   
hyperqueries : dynamic distributed query processing on the internet a kemper   c wiesner proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;     2001.0 
detecting topical events in audio proceedings of acm multimedia   t syeda-mahmood   s srinivasan   
regional growth dynamics : a capabilities perspective mh best    
an internet-based negotiation server for ee-commerce the vldb journal vol . 10   no1   syw su   c huang   j hammer   y huang   h li   l wang     
artificial intelligence seen as the next big step in software evolution v dudek pc magazine   september      
coping with serrano : voluntary contributions to californiaâ ?? s public schools . e brunner   j sonstelie santa barbara : university of california at santa barbara . & hellip ;    
an efficient dynamic program slicing technique information & software technology   gb mund   r mall   s sarkar   
20910   usa   1991 md ver spring    
an efficient technique for dynamic slicing of programs gb mund   r mall   s sarakar information and software technology      
an experimental system for distributed classroom education computer networks   2000.0 p oerbaek   
7000   â ?? optical cross connect systemâ ?? amn hitachi mci demonstration report      
application of program slicing in algorithmic debugging m kamkar information and software technology    
pp. 327-76 in dielectric resonators d kajfez   p guillon  artech house   zurich   switzerland    
provably secure and non-malleable encryption yz ding   mo rabin  to appear    
panel : future directions of database research-the vldb broadening strategy   part 2 2000.0 ml brodie proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
global electronic commerce process : business-to-business n nahar   
overview of the special section on temporal database infrastructure 1994.0 rt snodgrass sigmod record    
supporting information infrastructure for distributed   heterogeneous knowledge discovery r king   m novak   
retrievalfrom hierarchical texts by partial patterns p kilpelã $ inen   h mannila  proc acm  
pm68k user 's manual pm inc san diego   california      
hampshire college . rc birney  new directions for higher education   1993.0 
fujii-kuriyama : cytochrome-p450   1993 t omura   y ishimura    
simformation 5 : reporting student progress . 1977.0 wr miles   
from the kernel to the cosmos : the database research group at eth zurich hj schek   mh scholl   g weikum   
optimistic intra-transaction parallelism on chip multiprocessors cb colohan   a ailamaki   jg steffan   tc mowry  proceedings of the 31st vldb   august   2005.0 
resource management in mobile computing environments s lu   v bharghavan  proceedings of acm sigcomm    
r. . ikant . fair qneueing in wireless packet networks s lu   v bharghavan  proceedings of acm  
inside atl 1999.0 g shepherd   b king   
blocking   monotonicity   and turing completeness in a database language for sequences and streams submitted for yn law   h wang   c zaniolo   
07632   usa   1983 nj cliffs    
low temperature co-fireable ceramics : a new approach for electronic packaging al eustice   sj horowitz   jj stewart   ar travis   ht & hellip ; 36 thelectronic components conference   seattle   washington   & hellip ;    
clinical efficacy and cost effectiveness of a new synthetic polymer sheet wound dressing g motta   l dunham   t dye   j mentz   eo ` connell -    
randomized clinical trial of lumbar instrumental fusion and cognitive intervention and exercises for ji broxâ ? ¦  submitted for publication    
experimental evidence on the endogenous entry of bidders in internet auctions 1999.0 d lucking-reiley unpublished manuscript    
practical skew handling algorithms for parallel joins proc . 19th intl. conf . very large data d dewitt   jf naughton   da schneider   s seshadri   
world ocean atlas 1994   vol . 3   salinity   noaa atlas nesdis   vol . 3   111 pp.   natl. oceanic and s levitus   r burgett   tp boyer md      
the pharmacokinetics of sandimmun neoral : a new oral formulation of cyclosporine dw holt   ea mueller   jm kovarik   jb van bree 1994.0  transplantation proceedings    
laser resurfacing for facial acne scars cochrane database syst rev   re jordan   cl cummins   aj burls   dc seukeran  2001.0 
thromboembolic stroke due to acute ica occlusion l knepper   jj wehner   ca jungreis   h yonas   lr  proceedings of the 23rd aha international conference on & hellip ;    
proposing an information flow analysis model to measure memory load for software development information & software technology   tc du   cj lin   cg liu  2000.0 
discovering the user : a practical glance at usability testing 1999.0 n campbell   s walbridge   j chisman   kr diller electronic library    
the artist as failure in nabokov 's early prose 1967.0 a field wisconsin studies in contemporary literature    
serious hazards of transfusion annual report 1998 â ?? 99 e love   lm williamson   h cohen   h jones   a todd   k    
crucial factors in the origins of word-meaning l steels   f kaplan   a mcintyre   j van looveren   
mobile harbor   alabama   dump scow overflow test : preliminary report of findings fd imsand water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;   1988.0    
ontology-based support for digital government proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ;   2001.0 a bouguettaya   ak elmagarmid   b medjahed   m   
dosing recommendation for didanosina ( ddi ) in hiv-infected neonates and infants . 42 ndicaac b damle   h brett-smith   l reynolds   s kaul san diego      
microsoft office xp inside out m halvorson   mj young   2001.0 
welfare-improving competition for mobile capital . jd wilson  unpublished manuscript   2000.0 
sophtsticate 's mtroducuon to data base normahzatlon theory proc 4th int c beeri   pa bernstein   na goodman  conf . on very large data bases   west berhn   germany   sept    
dataguides : enabling query formulation and optimization in semi-structured databases   the 23rd int r goldman   j widom  conf . on very large databases ( vldb )   athens   greece    
dcom and corba side by side   step by step   and layer by layer ym wangâ ? ¦    
representational bias and test suite design l davis procs . of the 4th intl. conf . on genetic algorithms   ( eds . ) & hellip ;    
a query language for moving object trajectories hmo mokhtar   j su   
disjunctive datalog with nested rules s greco   n leone   f scarcello    
rhinocerebral mucormycosis : a case of a rare   but deadly disease-therapy with amphotericin b lipid rg hendrickson   j olshaker   o duckett journal of emergency medicine     1999.0 
frequency estimation of multiple sinusoids : making linear prediction perform like maximum likelihood dw tufts   r kumaresan proc . ieee    
effects of design and operating parameters on the static and dynamic performance of an j lee   j yoo   d kim   k park   sh park proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;     2003.0 
thesus   a closer view on web content management enhanced with link semantics i varlamis   m vazirgiannis ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
transnational diffusion and the african american reinvention of gandhian repertoire mobilization-san diego -   s chabot  2000.0 
structural digital image signature for image authentication : an incidental distortion resistant cs lu   hym liao proc . acm multimedia workshop      
zoe   postcards from canada   austin   tx : steck-vaughn company   1996 f dawson    
and - \ \ phi primitives jh anderson   yj kim   lmeu fetch proceedings of the 23rd international conference on    
forest-regular languages and tree-regular languages m murata unpublished manuscript    
512 1 includes 2 meters of fiber lx pmd    
the changing information needs of users in electronic information environments 2002.0 g kebede electronic library    
solution of the equation ax + xb = c comm . acm   rh bartels   gw stewart   
an algorithm for the fusion of correlated probabilities jo ` brien procs . of fusion    
restoring the nationâ ?? s marine environment . maryland sea grant college program   college park gw thayer  md    
user needs assessment and evaluation ( working session ) d levy proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ;   1996.0    
dataguides : enabling query formulation and optimization in semistructured databases   r. goldman   j. vldb r goldman   
lecture series on superconductivity hr ott eth   zurich   switzerland    
guest editors ' introduction : special section on mining and searching the web 2004.0 b liu   s chakrabarti ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering    
slicing pointers and procedures ( abstract ) md ernst    
learning disabilities r baldwin   tj kenny & hellip ; . seattle   washington : special child publications of the  
lectin binding to rat spermatogenic cells : effects of different fixation methods and proteolytic 1988.0 r malmi   ko sã ¶ derstrã ¶ m the histochemical journal    
fundaciã ³ n macarthur inventario del desarrollo de habilidades comunicativas [ macarthur communi - d jackson-maldonado   e bates   d thal  san diego : singular    
effects of naturally induced teacher expectancies wb seaver  journal of personality and social psychology   1973.0 
volunteer trainer development in adult literacy : using a team-based strategy to negotiate national dt evans   jm hugo  new directions for adult and continuing education   2000.0 
a solution for midband aj dickie   jh mackenzie bt technology journal   1998.0 
spatial query processing in an object-oriented system proc . acm sigmod/nt/conf . on the management of data   may   j orenstein   
a prototype implementation of archival intermemory y chen   j edler   a goldberg   a gottlieb   s sobti     
validity and verification aspects of information modeling proc . iii int . conf . on vldb   ja bubenko   
a typed intermediate language for supporting multiple inheritance via interfaces j chen   c chen   
related tt viruses in chimpanzees virology-new york -   2000.0 m cong   
coal gasification research n holt development and demonstration å ? needs and opportunities      
erp system migrations communications-acm   m kremers   h van dissel  2000.0 
habitat utilization by black bears in northern california dg kellyhouse  international conference on bear research and management    
test needs and error rate predictions approaches for single event transients in fiber optic link pw marshall   c poivey   cj marshall   ra reed  at radecs    
trajectography of several constant altitude balloons with a non-tracking radar - methodology and 1984.0 r cordesses   j fournet-fayard   d ramond   b benech conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland    
cpu/power-constrained mobile devices 2001.0 r han   cy lin   jr smith   b tseng   v ha proceedings of the ninth acm international conference on & hellip ;    
dblearn : a system prototype for knowledge discovery in relational databases - group of 7 & raquo ; j han   y fu   y huang   y cai   n cercone proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1994.0 
self-efficacy and perceived control : cognitive mediators of pain tolerance journal of personality and social psychology   md litt  1988.0 
men who manage : fusions of feeling and theory in administration m dalton   1959.0 
hypermedia presentation and authoring system j yu   y xiang 1997.0  www6 / computer networks    
methyl 3   5-dinitro-trans-cinnamate acc . chem . cvk saarma   r desira   
the database language gem proceedings of the 1983 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1983.0 c zaniolo   
automatic bottleneck detection rp blake   js breese   
harnessing implicit knowing to improve medical practice . nc boreham 1992.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
a   abraham ( 2003 ) . agent systems today ; methodological considerations m paprzycki proceedings of 2003 international conference on management  
percolation and ferromagnetism on z 2 : the q-state potts cases   stoch l chayes proc . appl      
determination of a color index for citrus degreening m jimenez-cuesta   j cuquerella   jm martãnez - proc . int . soc . citriculture    
time weight collaborative filtering y ding   x li proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
strong components d knuth technical report 004639   computer science department   stanford  
simulation-based design of a pointer for accurate determination of anatomical landmarks a erdemir   sj piazza    
cache-conscious frequent pattern mining on a modern processor proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 a ghoting   g buehrer   s parthasarathy   d kim   a   
like father   like son ; like mother   like daughter : parental resources and child height d thomas 1994.0  the journal of human resources    
systems analysis and design methods irwin mcgraw-hill   4th edition   1998 jl whitten   ld bentley   
technical report 26 d mccaughran   s hoag  iphc   seattle   washington    
windspeed on mountains ew wahl   1966.0 
who has the role of building in incentives ? . jm bevan new directions for higher education   1985.0    
production rules for incremental view maintenance s ceri   j widom proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;      
an object-oriented deductive language with methods and method inheritance y lou   zm ozsoyoglu  proceedings of the acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of  
or . 25 ( p5 . 039 ) proc . 28th eps conf . on controlled fusion and plasma physics & hellip ;   yq liuâ ? ¦   
the complexity of logic-based abduction t eiter   g gottlob lecture notes in computer science   1993.0 
application of matrix methods to the solution of travelling-wave phenomena in polyphase systems lm wedepohl  proc . iee    
hate crimes d altschiller santa barbara   california ua    
hilo mark 2 hardware description language proc . acm/ieee pl flake   pr moorby   g musgrave   
physics of climate   520 pp.   am . inst . of phys.   college park md   jp peixoto   ah oort   
methods in enzymology l waxman san diego    
world ocean atlas 1994   vol . 4   temperature   noaa atlas nesdis   vol . 4   129 pp.   natl. oceanic and s levitus   tp boyer  md    
preventing decline of american higher education . kh ashworth 1979.0  new directions for higher education    
journal writing in higher education 2001.0 p jarvis new directions for adult and continuing education    
algebraic specification schemes for database systems . sb yao h ehrig   hj kreowski   h weber proc . 4th vldb   west { berlin ( 427 { 440 )    
adaptable pointer swizzling strategies in object bases : design   realization   and quantitative a kemper   d kossmann 1995.0  the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;    
antibiotic prophylaxis regimens and drugs for cesarean section cochrane database syst rev   l hopkins   f smaill  2000.0 
controlled-atmosphere cone calorimeter   intermediate-scale calorimeter   and cone corrosimeter fy hshieh   rr buch proceedings of the 23rd international conference on fire & hellip ;    
94022   usa   2003 ca los altos    
uml activity diagrams as a workflow specification language lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 m dumas   ahm hofstede   
meeting the needs of consumers : lessons from business and industry la garrett   cl vogt new directions for adult and continuing education   2003.0 
elmagarmid ahmed k. . business-to-business interactions : issues and enabling technologies the vldb journal   m brahim   b boualem   b athman   na hh   
emeritus college : reaching the older learner . nj hruby  new directions for higher education   1980.0 
teachersâ ?? classroom interactions in ict-based mathematics lessons in m. van den heuvel j monaghan proceedings of the 25 thinternational conference for the & hellip ;      
chem . 2002   277   5699â ?? 5702 ; m. zhang   w. wang ay hung   m sheng   j biol acc . chem . res      
the application of the cop888 to a 2-wheel abs system r duengen  1989.0 
effortless incremental fmea c price procs annual reliability and maintainability symp    
dehydrogenases in the same cell 1988.0 pj stoward   y nakae histochemical journal    
a reduced-order model of time-delay induced combustion instability jp hathout   m fleifil   am annaswamy   af ghoniem  technical report 2003   massachusetts institute of technology    
state space caching revisited . von bochmann   g.   and probst   dk p godefroid   gj holzmann   d pirottin  proceedings of the 4th international workshop on computer - & hellip ;    
itâ ?? s not who you hire   itâ ?? s who you keep j champy computerworld      
calcitonin gene-related peptide vasodilation of human pulmonary vessels endothelium ( n = i dg mccormack   jcw mak   sm studies   
acm portal google   inc. proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ;   mp atkinson   me orlowska   p valduriez   sb zdonik    1999.0 
on characterizing bgp routing table growth t bu   l gao   d towsley computer networks   2004.0    
atlas of an insect brain nj strausfeld  1976.0 
corporate divestiture intensity in restructuring firms : effects of governance   strategy   and 1994.0 re hoskisson   ra johnson   dd moesel the academy of management journal    
slicing analysis and indirect accesses to distributed arrays   university of maryland at college park r das   j saltz   r von hanxleden  md    
new vistas for adult education new directions for adult and continuing education   1999.0 pj edelson   pl malone   
lauder 1 situ hybridization demonstration of poly-adenylated rna jh pringle   l primrose   cn kind   ic talbot   
implementing orthogonally persistent java a marquez   sm blackburn   g mercer   j zigman   
disjunctive normal forms and local exceptions e beffara   v danos    
cmifed : a presentation system for portable hypermedia documents proc . of acm multimedia   g vanrossum   j jansen   k mullender   d bulterman   
â ?? hierarchical spiral model for information system and software development . part 1 : theoretical j ivari information and software technology    
for geometric objects 4th international symposium on spatial data handling zurich   switzerland p   pv oosterom   ecoii methods   
matlab-simulink-stateflow oldenbourg 2003 a angermann   m beuschel   m rau   u wohlfahrt    
ozone : integrating structured and semistructured data t lahiri   s abiteboul   j widom lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
on the heating of electron microscope objects with small beam cross section ( temperature measurement 1971.0 s leisegang transl . into english from proceedings of 3 d intern . & hellip ;    
an algebra for creating and querying multimedia presentations multimedia systems   s adalä ±   ml sapino   vs subrahmanian  2000.0 
modelisation de systemes dâ ?? ordre non entierâ ?? j lin   t poinot  proceedings of jdaâ ?? 99 journees doctorales  
generalised h multivariable controllers mj grimble    
probabilistic temporal databases   i : algebra a dekhtyar   r ross   vs subrahmanian acm transactions on database systems   2001.0 
on the spatial motion of a rigid body with point contact cs cai   b roth   
solution of the equation ax + xb = c. { comm rh bartels   gw stewart   
melting layer observations during maypole ( ( for polarization properties of hydrometeors ) ) wr moninger   tr detman   jr jordan   vn bringi   ta  conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 
clinical biochemistry of domestic animals   4th ed : academic press jj kaneko san diego   california    
hector garcia-molina department of computer science princeton university princeton   nj 08544 bruce d databases sigmod record     1990.0 
gangsta rap and adult education tc guy new directions for adult and continuing education   2004.0 
automatically deriving odes from process algebra models of signalling pathways submitted for publication   2005.0 m calder   s gilmore   j hillston   
the rotational structure of the nu ( sub 6 ) vibration band of ch 3 i ( abstract only ) s alanko   r paso 1991.0  proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ;    
the unwinding number rm corless   dj jeffrey acm sigsam bulletin   1996.0    
bracing the millennium ieee computer   h rubin   
self-injurious behav - penn   jv   esposito   cl   schaeffer   le   fritz   gk   & spirito   a. ( 2003 ) s herpertz suicide at    
schallwellen in langen rã ¶ hrenknochen : eine methode zur bestimmung von biegesteifigkeit und zurich ( switzerland ) : university of zurich   h bischof   
localization of grasp representations in humans by positron emission tomography st grafton   ma arbib   l fadiga   g rizzolatti experimental brain research   1996.0 
electrical stimulation of the medial prefrontal cortex increases dopamine release in the striatum 1993.0 mt taber   hc fibiger neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -    
read-only transactions in a distributed database gm hector   w gio acm transactions on database systems    
kinetics of the acid catalyzed conversion of xylose to furfural df root  1956.0 
a study of index structures for main memory database management systems vldb   1986.0 tj lehman   mj carey   
subject : a directory driven system for organizing and accessing large statistical databases p chan   a shoshani vldb     1981.0 
early bare stems in an agglutinative language n batman-ratyosyan   k stromswold  proceedings of the 25 thannual boston university conference & hellip ;    
threonine558 phosphorylation activates f-actin binding of moesin in human platelets f nakamura   l huang   mra amieva   k pestonjamasp    1998.0 
pattern recognition and neural networks s theodoridis   k koutroumbas    
joyce cary : at the beginning and in mid-career em kerr  wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1961.0 
ã ? .   bã © jar   r.   muro-medrano   pr ( 2003 ) . distributed access to a hydrological administrative m latre proceedings   9 thec-gi & gis workshop esdi   june 25-27 2003   a  
the roles of information technology in organizational capability building : an it capability od lee   k lim   kk wei proceedings of the 25 thinternational conference on  
an open storage system fr abstract objects s blott   l relly   hj schek proc . acm sigmod conf    
the politics of the classroom : toward an oppositional pedagogy . m marcroft new directions for teaching and learning   1990.0    
alternaria rot of citrus fruit m schiffmann-nadel   j waks   y gutter   e chalutz proc . int . soc . citricult    
o-line and on-line performance monitoring tools . [ in :] proceedings of high performance computing on m bubak   w funika   k iskra   r maruszewski   j  zurich   switzerland   eth zurich    
sap expects record profits computerworld   l rohde   
gnutella   chapter 8 in peer-to-peer : harnessing the power of disruptive technologies 2001.0 a oram   
the israeli perception of missile defense bgm herzog  & hellip ; - baylon and anne d. baylon   proceedings from the xvith & hellip ;    
hypocalcemia and stridor : an unusual presentation of vitamin d-deficient rickets 1998.0 js halterman   sa smith journal of emergency medicine    
freshwater ecology : concepts and environmental applications : academic press wk dodds san diego   california    
a systematic approach for the design of post-transaction input error handling information & software technology   2001.0 hbk tan   nl thein   y li   w li   
complexity aspects of various semantics for disjunctive databases t eiter   g gottlob   
a sound and sometimes complete query evaluation algorithm for relational databases with null values journal of the acm ( jacm )   r reiter  1986.0 
who packed the suitcase ? playing the role of an archaeologist/anthropologist . jd laney   pa moseley social studies and the young learner     1990.0 
measurements of the photon total cross section on protons from 45 gev to 182 gev ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   jp cumalat  1977.0 
theory of fusion plasmas l chen proc . int . workshop   varenna      
edinburgh   2003 jm scott   tw green   
architectures for object data management ja orenstein   
strategy through dialogue and doing : a game of â ?? mornington crescentâ ??? management learning   a pye   
mpc with linear time-varying prediction models v nevistic technical report   automatic control laboratory   eth zurich      
visitor impact on grizzly bear activity in pelican valley   yellowstone national park ka gunther international conference on bear research and management      
online course evaluation and reporting in higher education new directions for teaching and learning   2003.0 km hoffman   
negation and aggregates in recursive rules : the ldl + + approach c zaniolo   n arni   k ong 1993.0  lecture notes in computer science    
on taking geography out of geographical education : some historical pointers b marsden geography-london -   1997.0    
including culture in evaluation research r klitgaard  new directions for program evaluation    
j neurosci meth ( 2003 ) m gazzoni   d farina   r merletti    
coauthors   1976 : report on north water project activities   1 october 1975 to 30 september 1976 progress rep. iv   eth   zurich   f muller   
haixun wang adn carlo zaniolo . query languages and data models for database sequences and data yn law vldb 2004   proceedings of 30th int . conference on very large    
inc. 2003 chm hill  psta research and demonstration project  
lattice defects in neutron irradiated alpha cu solid solution alloys tj koppenaal   wct yeh   rmj cotterill phil mag   1966.0 
application of data compression techniques to a large bibliographic database c lynch   e brownrigg    
special issue on digital government ak elmagarmid   wj mciver jr ieee computer      
mil primitives for querying a fragmented world the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   pa boncz   ml kersten  1999.0 
lore : a lightweight object repository for semistructured data d quass proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;     1996.0 
retailers seek more erp functionality computerworld   d orenstein   
algebraic support for complex objects with arrays   identity   and inheritance sl vandenberg    
on the causality of transport reduction and induced electric fields in the edge of a tokamak proc . 29th eps conference on controlled fusion and plasma & hellip ;   s jachmich   m van shoor   r weynants   
computing queries from derived relations pa larson   hz yang  vldb    
singular-value-decomposition approach to multivariable generalised predictive control . b kouvaritakis   ja rossiter   aot chang 1993.0  & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ;    
improvement of nephrotoxicity   hypertension   and lipid metabolism after conversion of kidney s friemann   e feuring   w padberg   w ernst transplantation proceedings   1998.0    
a multilevel composability model for semantic web services b medjahed ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0    
panel : future directions of database research-the vldb broadening strategy   part 1 hj schek 2000.0  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
8 thed . aoac international   gaithersburg ba manual md    
peritoneal non-closure at caesarean section cs wilkinson   mw enkin  cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
effect of added dietary fat on exercising horses km greiwe   tn meacham   jp fontenot   
probabilities for a probabilistic network : a case-study in oesophageal carcinoma lc van der gaag   s renooij   bmp aleman   bg taal submitted for publication     2001.0 
london math . soc l rayleigh  proc . 17    
the database research group at eth zurich sigmod record   1994.0 mc norrie   s blott   hj schek   g weikum   
the effect of national culture   organizational complementarity   and economic motivation on joint the academy of management journal   sh park   gr ungson  1997.0 
y. 1990 . randomized algorithms for optimizing large join queries proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of y ioannidis   cha kang   
they do n't like girls hanging around there ' : conflicts over recreational space in rural f tucker   h matthews  area   2001.0 
computing geographical scopes of web resources . in proceedings of the 26th vlbd conference   j ding   l gravano   n shivakumar   
february 12   2003   professor of biology   eastern washington university   telephone conversation a scholz ecology and environment   inc.   seattle    
radar wipes out irs tapes ; consultant cites poor ground ej bride    
some efficient algorithms for rough set methods sh nguyen   hs nguyen  proc .  
atom ^ 3 : a tool for multi-formalism and meta-modelling lecture notes in computer science   2002.0 j de lara   h vangheluwe   
viral fusion mechanisms 1992.0 j bentz   
electrochemical power conversion ar despic proc of the 29th iupac congress cologne   1983.0    
â ?? through-wafer copper plating for 3-d interconnect procs . of nt nguyen   e boellaard   np pham   g craciun   vg   
organizational learning communities and the dark side of the learning organization ph owenby new directions for adult and continuing education   2002.0    
roles of adult males in grizzly bear population biology sf stringham international conference on bear research and management    
pierre auger collaboration proc . 28th icrc   ( tsukuba   japan   2003 ) s argiroâ ? ¦   
fools for power annotation of visual content : lxicographical approach yc park proc . of acm    
using classroom research in a large introductory science class . 1991.0 j olmstedâ ? ¦ new directions for teaching and learning    
broadening the context for teaching evaluation r cannon new directions for teaching and learning   2001.0    
technologies for e-services f casati   d georgakopoulos    
classroom 2000 : a system for capturing and accessing multimedia classroom experiences   acm chi ' 98   g abowd   j brotherton   j bhalodia demonstration    
a novel assay for cobalt-albumin binding and its potential as a marker for myocardial ischemia-a d bar-or   e lau   jv winkler  journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
a query language based on the ambient logic 2001.0 l cardelli   g ghelli lecture notes in computer science    
minimization and group-by detection for nested xqueries a deutsch   y papakonstantinou   y xu  data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
9685 scranton road m simulations san diego    
sensitivity analysis of assumptions determining size and cost of lunar installations hh koelle technical university berlin   ilr    
benchmarking sap r/3 archiving scenarios b zeller   a kemper data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
srinivasan . accessing relational databases fromtheworld wide web t nguyenandv  proc . acm sigmod conference    
deriving production rules for incremental rule maintenance s ceri   j widom proceedings of the 17th vldb conference      
ecomrisk . org : an e-commerce security resource f makedon   c heckmanâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 4th international workshop on computer & hellip ;    
mesocosm evaluation of a new endothall polymer formulation . md netherland   eg turner proc . 29th ann . meeting   aquatic plant control research & hellip ;    
high-frequency ceramic dielectrics and their application for microwave components electronic ceramics   w wersing  1991.0 
camel : a moving object database approach for intelligent location aware services c ying   rao fangyan   yu xiulan   liu dong & hellip ; of international conference on mobile data management   jan      
teaching experimental science : enzymes and the laboratory . new directions for teaching and learning   1989.0 jm foster   
but perhaps the wily gardiner had prudently ingratiated himself with anderson ( who as we know was cj anderson   
the evolution of federal personnel management evaluation d jordan  new directions for program evaluation   1992.0 
eye controlled multimedia p olivieri   j gips   jee mchugh  proceedings of acm  
datamime tm m serazi   a perera   q ding   v malakhov   i rahal   f & hellip ; of the acm international conference on management of data (    
impact of information systems resources and capabilities on firm performance : a resource-based t ravichandran   c lertwongsatien proceedings of the 23rd international conference on    
normalisation and hierarchical dependencies in the relational data model   acm tans database syst   c delobel   
equity financing : research partnerships . mb goldstein 1987.0  new directions for higher education    
needs of grieving spouses in sudden death situations : a pilot study journal of emergency nursing   1983.0 j fanslow   
vitamin d supplementation in pregnancy 1999.0 k mahomed   am gulmezoglu cochrane database syst rev    
database systems { breaking out the box . sigmod record   26 ( 3 ) 1997.0 a silberschatz   s zdonik   
query cachingand optimization in distributed mediator systems s adali   ks candan   y papakonstantinou   vs proceedingsof the acm sigmod conference      
from respondent and informant to consultant and participant : the evolution of a state agency policy m baizerman   d compton 1992.0  new directions for program evaluation    
matrix formulation of electromagnetic scattering pc waterman   
tempos : a platform for developing temporal applications on top of object dbms m dumas   mc fauvet   pc scholl ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
magnetic bubbles and relational data base h chang  4th international conference on very large data bases   sept    
the stanford graph base   p. 77â ?? 89 1993.0 de knuth   
thermostable   salt-tolerant î ± - amylase from bacillus sp m jana   b pati   
erp : corporate cleanup j connolly computerworld    
a technique for dynamic high-level exploration during behavioral partitioning for multidevice s govindarajan   v srinivasan   p lakshmikanthan   r   
62   â ?? prescribing   recording   and reporting photon beam therapyâ ?? supplement to icru report 50   â ?? i report  md    
a trajectory splitting model for efficient spatio-temporal indexing s rasetic   j sander   j elding   ma nascimento proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
a behavioral model of consumer spatial decision making economic geography   m cadwallader  1975.0 
one approach for generalization of real-time distributed systems benchmarking proceedings of the 4th international workshop on parallel & hellip ;   ni kamenoff  1996.0 
on incremental rendering of silhouette maps of a polyhedral scene a efrat   lj guibas   oa hall-holt   l zhang   
integrating semantic frames from multiple sources n kwon   eh hovy 2005.0    
a multi-similarity algebra proc . of sigmod   l. haas and a. tiwary s adalä ±   p bonatti   ml sapino   vs subrahmanian   
building a secure   location transparent object invocation system dm putzolu 1995.0  proceedings of the 4th international workshop on object - & hellip ;    
a simulation research on multiprocessor interconnection network s with wormhole routing . [ ieeexplore.ieee.org   
constructivist learning happens all the time on the web.â ? in learning technologies : reflective and b wilson   m lowry new directions for adult and continuing education    
priorities and variable thickness of membranes in rewriting p systems c zandron   c ferretti   g mauri submitted for publication    
g and foxon ct b 1966 phil . mag   jg rider   
e-services : current technologies and open issues t pilioura   a tsalgatidou proc . of vldb-tesâ ?? 01    
associate professor department of computer science & engineering university of california y papakonstantinou  san  
ozone : integrating structured and semistructured data s abiteboul   r goldman   t lahiri   j mchugh   j technical report   stanford university database group      
the x-kernel : a platform for accessing internet resources ll peterson   n hutchinson   h rao   
the role of haemophilus parasuis in nursery mortality s oliveira   c pijoan   r morrison  proceedings of the allen d. leman swine conference    
new and old algorithms for belief net inference and counting satisfying assignments m littman   t pitassi   r impagliazzo  unpublished manuscript    
3 ( nov. 21   1917 ) ny times    
bounded cutset conditioning : an incremental-refinement approach to belief under uncertain resources e horvitz   h suermondt   g cooper   1988.0 
proximity search in databases g roy   s narayanan   v suresh   g hector  proceedings of the 24th vldb conference    
integrating the scholarship of teaching into the disciplines c weston   l mcalpine new directions for teaching and learning : the scholarship of & hellip ;    
curriculum vitae june 2003 sn durlauf 1987.0    
describing semistructured data l cardelli sigmod record   2001.0 
on the motion of the lorentz electron ga schott  phil . mag    
acquaintance and awareness in belief representation a saffiotti   f sebastiani  procs . of the computational intelligence  
component and object technology : a preview of corba 3 j siegel ieee computer    
base deficit level indicating major injury is increased with ethanol journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 cm dunham   la watson   c cooper   
per _ ake larson   and frank wm. tompa . \ \ efficiently updating materialized views ja blakeley proc . of the acm sigmod    
medmaker : a mediation system based on declarative specification yph garcia-molina   j ullman technical report   stanford university      
coping as a mediator of emotion s folkman   rs lazarus journal of personality and social psychology   1988.0    
nonlinear array dependence analysis   university of maryland at college park   college park md   w pugh   d wonnacott   
mobile computing with windows xp j calhoon    
ch . 5 : 09   â § 6 ( 3 ) ( a ) - ( b ) m act    
xmas : an extensible main-memory storage system 1997.0 sk cha   jh park   bd park proceedings of the sixth international conference on & hellip ;    
introduction to the special section on cognitive abilities : 100 years after spearman 's ( 1904 ) '' journal of personality and social psychology   2004.0 d lubinski   
synthesis and biodegradation of azopolymers for colon-site specific drug delivery systems [ c ] proc of 29th inter . symp on controlled release of bioactive & hellip ;   jh chen   qy chen   jr sheng   
otros ( 1.994 ) : pedagogãa e lã ³ pez-barajas  experimental  
using offline bitstream analysis for power-aware video decoding in portable devices y huang   s chakraborty   y wang 2005.0  proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;    
la grande dã © sillusion   ã?ditions lgf   2003 je stiglitz   
seress   fast management of permutation groups l babai   e luks proc . 28th ieee focs    
scrap more boilerplate : reflection   zips   and generalised casts r lammel    
photobiol . a : chem . 1996   99   85 ; b ) wdw horrocks jr   dr sudnick m elbanowski   b makowska   j photochem  acc . chem . res    
automotive active suspensions . part 2 : practical considerations ra williams proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;     1997.0 
performance isolation and resource sharing on shared-memory multiprocessors b verghese   a gupta    
pointer analysis and its applications to java programs . master 's thesis 2001.0 a salcianu   
computer simulations on the orientation of molecular hydrogen in liquid crystals ( abstract only ) 1991.0 j lounila   t rantala proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ;    
the book of indian animals . 4th impression sh prater   1993.0 
developing and responding to major writing projects aj herrington  new directions for teaching and learning   1997.0 
dissolved oxygen in the chesapeake bay : processes and effects . maryland sea grant   college park md   gb mackiernan   
efficient detection of all pointer and array access errors - group of 5 & raquo ; 1994.0 tm austin   se breach   gs sohi proceedings of the acm sigplan 1994 conference on & hellip ;    
early versus late fusion in semantic video analysis cgm snoek   m worring   awm smeulders proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
control . fusion plasma phys rj butteryâ ? ¦ proc . 28th eps ( funchal   2001 ) vol 25a      
formula budgeting on the down side . wk boutwell 1973.0  new directions for higher education    
gnutella   peer-to-peer : harnessing the power of disruptive technologies   a. oram g kan  2001.0 
harnessing women 's work : restructuring agricultural and industrial labor forces in the dominican lt raynolds 1998.0  economic geography    
biochemical interactions of surface-bound peg copolymers np huang 2002.0    
postgres-r   a new way to implement database replication proceedings of the 26th international conference on very b kemme   g alonso   bc do n't be lazy   
aspect-oriented web service composition with ao4bpel a charfi   m mezini  lecture notes in computer science   2004.0 
a proof of menger 's theorem by contraction f goring  discussiones mathematicae graph theory   2002.0 
stereoplot   v. 1.2 & hellip ; software for the macintosh system : zurich   switzerland   & hellip ;   n mancktelow   
whoâ ?? s vouching for whom in e-commerce computerworld   c cornell   e frye   
department of geography   university of maryland   college park s goetz    
the x-ray 80 system   computer science center   university of maryland   college park jm stewart   fa kundell   jc baldwin md      
what happens with increased enforcement of the child support obligations of poor men ? a groundlevel 1996.0 f doolittle   s lynn   
explicit formulation of delays in cmos vlsi electronic d auvergne   d deschacht   m robert   
enabling a scalable service-oriented architecture with semantic web services a duke   j davies   m richardson 2005.0  bt technology journal    
the lastpage package j goldberg   
expressive power and complexity of disjunctive datalog t eiter   g gottlob   h mannila  proceedings of workshop on logic programming with incomplete & hellip ;    
multinationals   export processing zones and development : the case of mauritius rv sannassee   r pearce    
dlv : a disjunctive datalog system n leoneâ ? ¦    
using credit scoring to improve the quality of consumer receivables : legal and statistical gg chandler   jy coffman & hellip ; management association meetings   seattle   washington    
the acquisition of pronominal reference by greek-dutch bilingual children : evidence for early s varlokosta   j dullaart bucld 25 proceedings      
andu . deppisch   '' architecture andimple mentation of the darmstadt database kernel system hb paul   hj schek   mh scholl   g weikum international conference on management of data sigmod . & hellip ;    
higher education communication and information systems policy dl eisler 2001.0  new directions for higher education    
r. pound   g   cox   sj ( 2003 ) towards the semantic grid : putting knowledge to work in design f tao   l chen   n shadbolt  3rd international conference of knowledge  
comparison of hospital costs with medicare cost to charge conversions versus a detailed hospital j lipscomb   t cowper   db mark san diego      
fusion queries over internet databases s abiteboul   h garcia-molina   y papakonstantinou     
id 90 reference manual . computation structures group memo 284-1 rs nikhil  1990.0 
low speed aerodynamic characteristics of a 13 thick airfoil section designed for md   rj mcghee   
phenomenological implications of low energy supersymmetry breaking s dimopoulos   m dine   s raby   s thomas   jd wells  md   1996.0 
harnessing a hurricane : social studies in action . social studies and the young learner   kl floyd  1991.0 
generalised predictive control with end-point state weighting 1993.0 h demircioglu   dw clarke & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ;    
two mechanisms in the action of repressor ef1 : binding site competition with an activator and 1997.0 r sekido   k murai   y kamachi   h kondoh genes to cells    
effects of ryanodine in skinned cardiac cells a fabiato fed proc     1985.0 
cephalic version by postural management for breech presentation gj hofmeyr   r kulier  cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
thinking outside the box electronic publishing   ce howard   
development of a piezoelectrically-controlled hydraulic actuator for a camless engine . part 1 : js brader   dn rocheleau proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;     2004.0 
hypercup m schlosser   m sintek   s decker   w nejdl  april 2002 ) technical report   stanford  
using artifacts as a springboard to literacy rv morris social studies and the young learner   1998.0    
a case study of a fast track sap r/3 implementation at guilbert n gibson electronic markets   1999.0 
piperench : an architecture and compiler for reconfigurable computing s goldstein   h schmit   m budiu   s cadambi   m moe   ieee computer    
a multimedia presentation algebra acm sigmod   philadelphia   1999.0 s adah   ml sapino   vs subrahmanian   
galileo : a strongly typed   interactive conceptual language acm transactions on database systems   aa ac0851   l cardelli   r orsini   
plug-and-play pcmcia cards pc magazine   o rist  1993.0 
a geometric-resilient image hashing system and its application scalability cy hsu   cs lu proc . acm multimedia and security    
a real-time interactive multi-view video system jg lou   h cai   j li proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
university of wisconsin-green bay . ew weidner   wg kuepper  new directions for higher education   1993.0 
discovering multi-level classification rules in platelet transfusion databases   university of m taylor  md    
special section on data-issues in electronic commerce a dogac sigmod record    
describing software design in ada acm sigplan notices   g booch  1981.0 
support for relaxed currency and consistency constraints in mtcache proc . of the acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data   h guo   pa larson   r ramakrishnan   j goldstein  2004.0 
understanding livelihood systems as complex wholes r hã ¶ gger nadel eth zurich   switzerland    
a.   & benkovic   sj ( 1988 ) t dix  acc . chem .  
91-14 r no  eth zurich   switzerland    
designing in the dark : the changing user-developer relationship in information systems development j nandhakumar   m jones   
experiential effects of dialectical inquiry   devil 's advocacy   and consensus approaches to strategic dm schweiger   wr sandberg   pl rechner the academy of management journal     1989.0 
a. rowe . thedesignofpost-gres m stonebrakerandl  proceedings of the acm sigmod 1986 international conference & hellip ;    
adsorbate induced surface reconstruction ( abstract only ) k kankaala   t ala-nissila   sc ying oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0    
the corona problem and the angles between invariant subspaces vi vasyunin algebra i analiz    
automatic conversion of vhdl programs into cases p gomes   c bento   
active network file system for data mining and multimedia sh srinivasan   p singh proceedings of the 15th international conference on computer & hellip ;   2002.0 
on frequency assignment in mobile automatic telephone systems a gamst   w rave proc . globecom      
in comes java . do you retrain or replace ? d orenstein computerworld    
a view from academia j bhagwati & hellip ; labor   bureau of international labor affairs : international & hellip ;      
effect of the antimigraine drugs   ergotamine   dihydroergotamine and methysergide   on cranial submitted for elh spierings   pr saxena   
einsatz und fusion von multisensoralen satellitenbilddaten zur erfassung von waldinventuren aa darvishsefat 1994.0    
on first-order formulations of the leastsquares finite element method for incompressible flows t tsang   x ding    
a comparsion of q-ary tree algorthims for collision resolution p mathys memo of afip   eth zurich   switzerland ( nov. .  
our spin on persistent java tm : the javaspin approach a kaplan   ga myrestrand   jve ridgway   jc wileden    
l   song   n. marcon   b. wilson   â ?? vivo near-infrared ranian spectroscopy : demonstration of & hellip ;   m shim   
service relocation in programmable networks   2003 t fuhrmann   m scholler   m zitterbart submitted for  
c. mohan speaks out : on r *   message queues   computer science in india   how aries came about   life as m winslett acm sigmod record   2004.0 
paul krugman 's geographical economics and its implications for regional development theory : a 1996.0 r martin   p sunley economic geography    
from consensus standards to evidence of claims : assessment and accreditation in the case of teacher fb murray  new directions for higher education   2001.0 
web content adaptation to improve sever workload behavior t abdelzaher   n bhatti computer networks      
london   1991 m artin   ph algebra    
performance assessment of the lead user idea-generation process for new product development 2002.0 gl lilien   pd morrison   k searls   m sonnack   e von management science    
integrating the clinical approach into pedagogy courses . n nutter  new directions for teaching and learning   1986.0 
next century challenges : scalable coordination in sensor networks proc . acm/ieee conf . mobicom &#39; 99   der govindan   
breaking down the barriers with speech w head speechtek proceedings      
the complexity of the random reals l yu   d ding   r downey   
nuclear safety in handling radioactive wastes containing fissioning material at . vs vnukov   ov sichkaruk   li chkuaseli   
sagas proc . of the sigmod international conference on management & hellip ;   ksh garca-molina   
rate adaptation transcoding for precoded video streams z lei   nd georganas    
the disproof of the special theory of relativity   23 monis kyccou st papagou   athens   greece td mitsopoulis   
development and application of a mathematical model of wave action on steep slopes ' proc . 21st int . conf . on coastal engineering   asce   malaga   & hellip ;   nwh allsop   jv smallman   rv stephens   
introducing microsoft . net   2003 ds platt  microsoft  
resolution approchee du probleme de set packing bi-objectifs x delorme   x gandibleux   f degoutin    
combined chemotherapy and radiotherapy ( without surgery ) compared with radiotherapy alone in w rebecca   m richard 2001.0  cochrane database syst rev    
emulsion polymerisation fk hansen   j ugelstad  piirma   i.    
bt healthnetâ ?? an early intranet case study bt technology journal   1997.0 aj frost   
database systems-breaking out of the box sigmod record   a silberschatz  1997.0 
synthesizing realistic computational grids d lu   pa dinda proceedings of acm/ieee sc 2003 ( supercomputing )   2003.0    
on the approximation of solutions of stochastic differential equations of elliptic type i gyongy   t martä ± nez    
usa wa seattle  to appear    
translational diffusion of organic radicals in solution m terazima  acc . chem . res    
optimization of queries with user-defined predicates s chaudhuri   k shim  acm transactions on database systems   1999.0 
query caching and optimization in distributed mediator systems   ks candan   y papakonstantinou   vs subrahmanian proc . of the 1996 sigmod conference on management of    
xml and relational database management systems : inside microsoftâ ® sql serverâ ? cents 2005 m rys 2005.0  proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
sediment and water quality : a review of the literature including a suggested approach for water rn iwamoto   eo salo   ma madej   rl mccomas 1978.0    
why sort-merge gives the best implementation of then natural join th merret sigmod record    
semantics of relations and the decomposition process in the relational data model c delobel acm transactions on database systems    
a multiview video transcoder b bai   j harms proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0    
note on eigenvalue computation comm jf andrus  1960.0 
an open storage system for abstract objects s blott   l relly   hj schek  sigmod conference    
who needs xml databases ? s cluet  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
ultra-wideband and its capabilities bt technology journal   x gu   l taylor  2003.0 
virtual transnational teams and their use of advanced information technology km chudoba   ml maznevski    
greedy regular expression matching a frisch   l cardelli lecture notes in computer science   2004.0    
experimental study of 3-d contactless conductivity detection using microwave radiometry : a possible is karanasiou   nk uzunoglu   
with jimenez   l. ( 2003 )   can work incentives pay for themselves ? final report on the self-sufficiency r ford   d gyarmati   k foley   d tattrie social research and demonstration  
verification of the randomized consensus algorithm of aspnes and herlihy : a case study . technical a pogosyants   r segala   n lynch   1997.0 
i # . seress   '' fast management of permutation groups lb bls   e luks proc . 28th ieee eocs    
new truths and old verities new directions for higher education   2002.0 ja ramaley   
automatic detection of ` goal ' segments in basketball videos s nepal   u srinivasan   g reynolds    
a study to determine the levels of hopelessness in 18 year old students who do or do not smoke jr meinke 2000.0    
classroom computing pc magazine   november   mj miller   
lucid synchrone   a functional extension of lustre p caspi   m pouzet 2000.0  submitted for publication    
the consultant as personal change agent . jc goldberg new directions for adult and continuing education   1993.0 
should college presidents be educators ? . j silber 1988.0  new directions for higher education    
a platform for rapid composition of web services in a peer-to-peer environment qz sheng   b benatallah  proceedings of the 28th vldb conference   hong kong   china    
extended algebra and calculus for nested relational databases ar mark   fk henery  acm trans on database systems    
green query optimization using query clustering e hensinger    
core java 1.1 volume ii advanced features prentice hall c horstmann   g cornell  1998.0 
early extubation for adult cardiac surgical patients ca hawkes   s dhileepan   d foxcroft cochrane database syst rev   2003.0    
factorizing complex predicates in queries to exploit indexes s chaudhuri   p ganesan   s sarawagi sigmod conference   2003.0 
mobile computing and databases : an ything new ?   '' mh dunham   a helal sigmod    
shuffles parallel processing data electronic ic novel   
analysis of wildlife radio-tracking data : academic press san diego   california   gc white   ra garrott   
activex inside/out a denning microsoft  
location-aware data broadcasting : an application for digital mobile broadcasting in japan k matsumura   k usui   k kai   k ishikawa proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ;   2003.0 
the biogenesis of mitochondria in hela cells : a molecular and cellular study see ref   g attardi   p constantino   j england   d lynch   w   
neutrinos and long-range weak forces in cosmology vb jhangiani  ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1978.0 
strategic factor markets : expectations   luck   and business strategy jb barney management science   1986.0 
harnessing perception of image quality to guide graphics rendering e horvitz   j lengyel   k larson   m czerwinski technical report microsoft research technical report msr-tr-97 -  
a method for describing information required by the database design process bk kahn   
some applications of pq-groups in graph theory g exoo    
interaction of small molecule inhibitors of hiv-1 entry with ccr5 c seibert   w ying   s gavrilov   f tsamis   se  submitted for  
should ganzfeld research continue to be crucial in the search for a replicable psi effect j milton  part i    
future of equityâ ?? 2003 update mhr consulting june   at      
subdivisions of k r + 2 in graphs of average degree at least r + '' and large but constant girth d kuhn   d osthus    
why people self-verify journal of personality and social psychology   wb swann jr   a stein-seroussi   rb giesler  1992.0 
sh2 and sh3-containing adaptor proteins : redundant or independent mediators of intracellular signal genes to cells   rb birge   bs knudsen   d besser   h hanafusa  1996.0 
hypoxia-inducible factor-1alpha induces cell cycle arrest of endothelial cells t iida   s mine   h fujimoto   k suzuki   y minami   y genes to cells     2002.0 
energy conversion conf mp generation   d transmission athens-greece   nov. .  
usa   january 1973 ny york   
addressing and routing in hexagonal networks with applications for location update and connection fg nocetti   i stojmenovic   j zhang  submitted for  
the tenth revision of the international statistical classification of diseases and related health who who   
abdo publishing company . 2001 sa kallen   g washington   
â ?? digital local control system of radial magnetic field errors in rfx : design   commissioning   and e gaio   a luchetta   g manduchi   g marchiori   v proc . 28th symposium on fusion technology   marseilles      
andv . s. subrahmanian . a multi-similarity algebra s adal   p bonati   ml sapino proc . of 1998 sigmod conference on management of    
tricolor inheritance . i. the tricolor series in guinea-pigs hl ibsen    
making the reading   writing   social studies connection . k jorgensen-esmaili social studies and the young learner   1990.0    
& computational study of # ow and heat transfer characteristics of annular and vertical cavities ' . procs of 2nd symp . on comp . mech   a nasr   gl morrison   m behnia   
out of court : the memoirs of a black lawyer in apartheid south africa   1950â ?? 1960 wm tsotsi unpublished manuscript    
migrations   abundance   and origins of salmonids in offshore waters of the north pacificâ ?? 1998 . & hellip ; institute   university of washington   seattle   washington   kw meyers   rv walker   nd davis   ky aydin   s hyun     
precise magnetic sensors m vopã ¡ lenskã 1/2   p ripka   a platil   
peer-to-peer harnessing the power of disruptive technologies   march 2001 a oram isbn    
arallel searching in distributed databases b srinivasan  computer networks    
spontaneous prejudice in context : variability in automatically activated attitudes journal of personality and social psychology   2001.0 b wittenbrink   cm judd   b park   
interactive consistency in constant time m ben-or   r el-yaniv submitted for publication    
population dynamics of yellowtail rockfish ( sebastes flavidus ) stocks in the northern california to jv tagart university of washington   seattle   washington   usa    
brittle failure from interacting surface breaking defects b bezensek   jw hancock  proc . int . conf    
dcomand corba side by side   step by step and layer by layer e chung   y huang   s yajnik   d liang   jc shih   cy 1997.0    
classes of hypergraphs with sum number one hm teichert   
cluster validity methods : part i 2002.0 m halkidi   y batistakis   m vazirgiannis sigmod record    
in maia   hls ( ed . ) peptides 1994 pw schiller   g weltrowska   tmd nguyen   c lemieux   proceedings of the 23rd european peptide symposium )   escom      
institutional research d olsen new directions for higher education   2000.0    
entrepreneurship in higher education dw breneman new directions for higher education     2005.0 
mobile dp center on-site at venezuelan oil camp . j desmond computerworld.   1984.0    
a class of data structures for associate searching ja orenstein   th merret proc . of acm sigmod-pods conf.   portland   oregon      
well ... it isnâ ?? t quite that simple rm corless   dj jeffrey   
novel approaches in query processing for moving object trajectories d pfoser   cs jensen   y theodoridis 2000.0  proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ;    
an experimental study on organic solderability preservative y li   
decoupling and pole assignment in generalised state space systems pn paraskevopoulos   fn koumboulis   
eigenvoices for speaker adaptation r kuhn   p nguyen   jc junqua   l goldwasser   n  proc . icslp    
describing linguistic information in a behavioural context : possible or not ? accepted for md   g de cooman   
the minimal entropy martingale measure for general barndorff-nielsen/shephard models t rheinlander   g steiger submitted   eth zurich   switzerland      
reporting service for multinationals planned . j kirchner 1981.0  computerworld.    
lesbians in academia : degrees of freedom b mintz   ed rothblum 1997.0    
peer response to low stakes writing in a wac literature classroom me sargent new directions for teaching and learning     1997.0 
men who batter women a jukes   1999.0 
a processand atoolfor creating service descriptions based on daml-s m klein   b konig-ries  proc . of the 4th vldb workshop on technologies for e -  
subhalf micron lithography system with phase shifting effect m noguchi   m muraki   y iwasaki   a suzuki 1992.0  proc . spie    
descots : a software system for selecting cots components g grau   jp carvallo   x franch   c quer   
interim findings from the arkansas win demonstration program j quint   bs goldman   jm gueron 1984.0    
integer and fractional packings of hypergraphs v rodl   m schacht   m siggers   n tokushige    
the second eigenvalue of a google matrix mt schlosser   s kamvar  technical report   stanford university    
chimie 2003   6   635-644 ; b ) hang   hc ; bertozzi   cr f peri   l cipolla   b la ferla   f nicotra  acc . chem . res    
estimation of raindrop axial ratios using orthogonally mounted 2 d pms precipitation probes during v chandrasekar   vn bringi   j vivekanandan 1984.0  conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland    
business-to-business electronic marketplaces : a strategic archetypes approach c soh   ml markus  proceedings of the 23rd international conference on & hellip ;    
toward the realization of intelligent controls gn saridis ieee   proceedings     1979.0 
incremental logic synthesis through gate logic structure identification t shinsha   t kubo   y sakataya   j koshishita   k 1986.0  proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;    
a multimedia presentation algebra s adal   ml sapino   vs subrahmanian    
dynamic composition of parametrized logic programs a brogi   c renso   f turini submitted for  
radiofrequency driven ion flows in a magnetized plasma c marchetto   f califano   m lontano proc . 28th eps conference on controlled fusion and plasma & hellip ;      
implementation of an efficient requirements-analysis supporting system using similarity measure information & software technology   2000.0 s park   h kim   y ko   j seo   
role of genotypic analysis of thymidine kinase gene of herpes simplex virus for determination of ny lee   yw tang   mj espy   cp kolbert   pn rys   ps submitted for    
multi-level annotation of natural scenes using dominant image components and semantic concepts j fan   y gao   h luo proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;     2004.0 
penalized multivariate logistic regression with a large data set 1999.0 f gao   
a genetic linkage study of bipolar disorder and 13 markers on chromosome 11 including the d ~ 2 jr kelsoe   h kristbjanarson   p bergesch   p neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0 
belief optimization for binary networks : a stable alternative to loopy belief propagation . accepted m welling   yw teh   2001.0 
the nutrient factor queuine : biosynthesis   occurrence in transfer rna and function . biofactors i   1988.0 h kersten   
gene functional analysis from heterogeneous data p pavlidis   j weston   j cai   wn grundy submitted for publication    
a model of geographical and industrial diversification sb ramos unpublished manuscript     2003.0 
knowledge discov-ery in databases : an attribute oriented approach   proc j han   y cat   n cercone vldb  
aprendizaje con la internet : una aproximaciã ³ n crãtica bi enseã ± anza san diego university    
discovering object categories in image collections j sivic   bc russell   aa efros   a zisserman   wt   
adding disjunction to datalog t eiter   g gottlob   h mannila    
wrp : final report on vermontâ ?? s welfare restructuring project d bloom   r hendra   c michalopoulos   c redcross   s  2002.0 
haystack : a platform for authoring end user semantic web applications lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 d quan   d huynh   dr karger   
theoretical and experimental determinations of the transfer function of a laminar premixed flame s ducruix   d durox   s candel 2000.0  proceedings-combustion institute    
processing deficits and the mediation of positive affect in persuasion dm mackie   lt worth journal of personality and social psychology     1989.0 
programming languages and databases mp atkinson  vldb   1978.0 
special section on data management issues in e-commerce a dogac  acm sigmod record    
mutual dependencies and some results on undecomposable relations proc . 4th int . conf . very large data bases { west berlin   jm nxcholas   
integrating automatic data acquisition with business processes-experiences with sap 's auto-id 2004.0   t lin   s haller   j schaper proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
ten conversion myths from indonesia r jones conversion to islam      
report on the vldb workshop on technologies for e-services ( tes ) f casati   u dayal   mc shan acm sigmod record   2000.0    
characterization of a full-field digital mammography detector based on direct x-ray conversion in jg yorker   ls jeromin   dl lee   ef palecki   kp proc . spie     2002.0 
é `` ? è ? ³ é ¦ ¨ å 3/4 ® ç ?? ç ? © é ? ¶ æ ?? é?µç ?? å ? `` è ? ¡ è ¯ ? æ ? ¥ å ?? å · ? è ?? ç § ? æ ?? æ ³ ? æ ° ¸ è ??    
note on the motion of fluid in a curved pipe wr dean   1927.0 
confidence sets for a shift parameter derived from fisherâ ?? s two-sample permutation test . 1974.0 p switzer   
consumer commission ( accc ) 2003 a competition report to  
who opts out of state antitakeover protection ? : the case of pennsylvania 's sb 1310 s wahal    
an improved design formulation for design and optimization of operational amplifiers y chen   me schlarmann   rl geiger   
adult education needs a code of ethics tj sork   ba welock new directions for adult and continuing education    
the effect of single-family housing on multi-asset portfolio allocations dh gatzlaff unpublished manuscript    
dynamic simulation of a single-cylinder diesel engine including dynamometer modelling and friction proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   yh zweiri   jf whidborne   ld seneviratne  1999.0 
requirements engineering : making the connection between the software developer and customer information & software technology   2000.0 h saiedian   r dale   
binding of eorticosteroids by plasma proteins vi . the electrophoretic demonstration of corticosteroid wh daughaday   
the flow of water in an inclined channel of rectangular section h jeffreys phil . mag      
do n't be lazy   be consistent : postgres-r   a new way to implement database replication b kemme   g alonso  vldb   2000.0 
object fusion in mediator systems vldb   1996.0 y papakonstantinou   s abiteboul   h garcia-molina   
transportation of chinook salmon and steelhead smolts 1968-80 and its impact on adult returns to the dl park mar. fish . serv.   seattle   washington . 20p    
marine envenomations   part 2 : invertebrates . j mcgoldrick   ja marx  journal of emergency medicine   1992.0 
a fractional delay application : time-varying propagation speed in waveguides s tassart   r msallam   p depalle   s dequidt proc . int . computer music conf      
using the vi architecture to build distributed multithreaded runtime systems : a case study proc . 2000 acm symposium on applied l bougã ©   jf mã © haut   r namyst   l prylli   
a performance analysis of the ibm subsystem control block architecture in a video conferencing kd huynh   tm khoshgoftaar proceedings of the first acm international conference on & hellip ;   1993.0    
illuminating the dark side of web services ml brodie proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
would i rather fight than switch ? : consumer regret following switch versus repeat decisions in j inman   m zeelenberg  unpublished manuscript    
discovery of interesting association rules from livelink web log data x huang   a an   n cercone   g promhouse    
vendor managed inventory j emigh computerworld      
a deductive database architecture based on partial evaluation l lei   gh moll   j kouloumdjian acm sigmod record   1990.0    
effects of hypothermal and circulatory arrest on the auditory brainstem response during operation in t hayashi   s anegawa   r torigoe  no to shinkei   1991.0 
the vagabond temporal oid index : an index structure for oid indexing in toodb k nervag the vldb conference      
tip : a temporal extension to informix j yang   hc ying   j widom   
software tools for knowledge fusion c holsapple   a whinston  computerworld    
a century of inequality in england and wales using standardized geographical units area   i gregory   d dorling   h southall  2001.0 
to megaprogramming in : proceedings of the 5th vldb workshop on technologies for e-services ( tes-04 ) c pautasso   g alonso toronto   canada   august    
high total dose irradiation experiments on fiber-optic components for fusion reactor environments f berghmans   m van uffelen   a nowodzinski   b proc . spie     1999.0 
a framework for distributed management with mobile components m feridun   j krause  computer networks   2001.0 
on the electric and magnetic effects produced by the motion of electrified bodies jj thomson  phil . mag    
classroom teaching behaviors related to college teaching effectiveness . hg murray new directions for teaching and learning   1985.0    
two ways of slicing programs . ag middleton information and software technology     1989.0 
htpd conference 2004 m kuldkeppâ ? ¦ san    
xmas : an extensible main-memory storage system for high-performance applications 1998.0 jh park   ys kwon   kh kim   s lee   bd park   sk cha sigmod conference    
arvind   and l. rodolph . cachet : an adaptive cache coherence protocol for distributed shared-memory 1999.0 x shen   
height-balanced trees of order ( p   7   6 ) shs huang  acm transactions on database systems   1985.0 
dna breaking activity of the pesticide malathion and its metabolite assayed by the single cell gel cellular and molecular biology letters   j blasiak   a trzeciak   p jaloszynski   k szyfter   r  1997.0 
are quorums an alternative for database replication r jimenez-peris   m patino-martinez   b kemme   g acm trans . on database systems    
passion : optimized i/o for parallel applications a choudhary   r thakur   r bordawekar   s more   s ieee computer    
the complexity of operations on a fragmented relation acm transactions on database systems   c meghini   c thanos  1991.0 
correctness and parallelism in composite systems g alonso   s blott   a fessler   hj schek    
finding all simple disjunctive decompositions using irredundant sum-of-products forms s minato   g de micheli 1998.0  proceedings of the 1998 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;    
report of the iea international fusion materials irradiation facility evaluation panel je leiss   k ehrlich   an goland   a miyahara   h ohno san diego      
latent semantic indexing model for boolean query formulation ( poster session ) dh baek   hs lim   hc rim 2000.0  proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;    
andh . garcia-molina . objectfusioninmediatorsystems proceedings of international conference on very large y papakonstantinou   s abiteboul   
huby   r.   and newns   hc   1952 phil . ab bhatia   k huang   
bioactive calcium phosphate coatings on poly ( etheretherketone ) and its composites sw ha phd . thesis   eth   zurich   switzerland    
phase i clinical study of cpt-11 . research group of cpt-11 gan to kagaku ryoho   t taguchi   a wakui   k hasegawa   h niitani   h furue  1990.0 
for the pierre auger collaboration m roth  proc . 28th icrc   ( tsukuba   japan   2003 )  
use of generalised discharge equation for flow over triangular skew weir . mn shesha prakash   av shivapur proc.   28th nat . conf.   fluid mechanics and fluid power   & hellip ;      
self-relevant scenarios as mediators of likelihood estimates and compliance : does imagining make it journal of personality and social psychology   wl gregory   rb cialdini   km carpenter   
early affective antecedents of adult type a behavior b macevoy   ww lambert   p karlberg   j karlberg   i  journal of personality and social psychology   1988.0 
agent-oriented software engineering : the state of the art m wooldridge   p ciancarini lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
pricetg ( 1979 ) accesspathelectioninarelationaldatabasemanagement system amm selingerpg   lr chamberlindd  proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
usa   1996 ca san diego    
table of integrals   series   and products ( 4th edition 1980   academic press ) see is gradshtein   im ryzhik   
a probabilistic framework for matching temporal trajectories : condensation-based recognition of 1998.0 mj black   ad jepson lecture notes in computer science    
design and analysis of authentication of employ agreement [ c ] d bin   w jian proceedings of 2003 international conference on management & hellip ;    
teams or communities-organizational structures for km c ferran-urdanet  proc . of acm sigcpr â ?? 99  
artificial intelligence approaches to the learning of humans p graf diploma thesis   eth zurich   switzerland   2003 . see e-collection .  
integral formulation for 3d eddy-current computation using edge elements r albanese   g rubinacci   
exploiting and protecting 802.11 b wireless networks pc magazine   september 4th   c ellison  2001.0 
an early history of the black river falls region hs merrill  1933.0 
a guide to the nests   eggs   and nestlings of north american birds   2nd ed : academic press pj baicich   cjo harrison  san diego   california    
type safety and behavioural inheritance rg clark  information and software technology   1995.0 
the o 2 databaseprogramming language proc . vldb conference   cl richard   
responding to consumerism . js stark   jv griffith new directions for higher education   1979.0    
weir s reis san diego   california      
testing geometric objects   university of maryland at college park   college park k romanik   c smith  md    
time and transition in work teams : toward a new model of group development cjg gersick the academy of management journal   1988.0    
factoring as optimization cjc burges    
constrained stable generalised predictive control j rossiter   
query caching and optimization in distributed media systems s adali   ks candan   y papakonstantinou   vs proc . of  
orthogonally persistent systems the vldb journal   mp atkinson   r morrison   
xrs-82 . the x-ray rietveld system laboratory of crystallography   eth zurich   switzerland   c baerlocher   a hepp   
i search   therefore i google l ulanoff pc  
xviith congress of the international union of crystallography seattle   washington   usa abstract ps04   ik larsen   bb nielsen   h rasmussen   js kastrup   
a perfectly matched layer formulation for haar wavelet based mrtd k goverdhanam   cd sarris   mm tentzeris   lpb katehi proc . 29th eur . microwave conf      
sos toolbox ( algorithm for optimization over semi-algebraic sets ) p parrilo eth   zurich   switzerland    
applied microsoft . net framework programming r jeffrey microsoft press    
logp2004 the 3rd lipophilicity symposium iv tetko   p bruneau 3rd  zurich   switzerland    
knowledge needs the request of architects a seidel  proceedings of the 25 thannual conference of the & hellip ;    
a space-time permutation scan statistic for the early detection of disease outbreaks m kulldorff   r heffernan   j hartman   r assuncao   f submitted for publication    
a general framework for the optimization of object-oriented queries proceedings of acm sigmod â ?? 92 international conference on & hellip ;   sc cd921   c delobel   
clinical study of pontine hemorrhage with special reference to ct classification and surgical no to shinkei   c ochiai   k sano   s kobayashi   t sasaki   y  1979.0 
specifications and proofs for ensemble layers j hickey   n lynch   r van renesse lecture notes in computer science     1999.0 
closed form solution for the inverse kinematics of a puma robot manipulator 2 ii w kesheng   tk lien  demonstration   robotics & computer integrated  
improving co-operation in project teams the sixth international conference on management of c beskow   s hovmark   m norell   
ã cents â ? ¬ å?your mediators need data conversion ! ã cents â ? ¬ â ? s cluet   c delobel   j simeon   k smaga proc . of the acm sigmod    
tr-98-35 msr report  1998.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?incremental maintenance for materialized views over semistructured dataã cents â ? ¬ â ? proc . of the 24th vldb s abiteboul   j mchugh   m rys   v vassalos   jl   
manpower strategies for flexible organisations personnel management   j atkinson   
environmental effects on mechanical properties of silicon nitride joints with metallic interlayers   & hellip ; of an international workshop   santa barbara california   usa   k suganuma   t okamoto   
helix : the architecture of a distributed file system proceedings of the 4th international conference on d ~ & hellip ;   m friorich   w older   
perthâ ?? s water future   a water strategy for perth and mandurah to 2021â ?? water authority of western ra stokes   ja beckwith   ir pound   rr stone   pc isbn      
out-of-class contract learning at justin morrill . j duley 1975.0  new directions for higher education    
performance of parallel applications on a shared-memory multiprocessor system acm press frontier series   ss thakkar  1990.0 
almost ` like family ' : emergency nurses and ` frequent flyers ' re malone journal of emergency nursing     1996.0 
the component attenuation model for low and moderate seismic regions   procs . of the 2003 pacific ntk lam   jl wilson  procs . of the 2003 pacific conference on earthquake & hellip ;    
identifying the needs of female students in distance education learning programs ja furst-bowe university of wisconsin      
acm portal google   inc. proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ;   pmg apers   p atzeni   s ceri   s paraboschi   k  2001.0 
the biogeography of fire in the san bernardino mountains of california . university of california ra minnich geography      
vinci : a service-oriented architecture for rapid development of web applications r agrawal   d gruhl   s papadimitriou computer networks     2002.0 
borges y la nada m ferrer  1967.0 
mobile multimedia services ja harmer 2003.0  bt technology journal    
diffusion pde-based denoising technique for magnetic resonance electrical impedance tomography ts kim   bi lee   sh lee   jk seo   o kwon   ej woo proc . 26th annu . int . conf . ieee embs ( san francisco   ca   & hellip ;    
the student affairs establishment and the institutionalization of the collegiate ideal am ortiz new directions for higher education   1999.0    
experimental investigations of the role of h 2 o in calc-alkaline differentiation and subduction contributions to mineralogy and petrology   tw sisson   tl grove  1993.0 
pseudo-trajectory control scheme for a 3-d model of a biped robot ( part 2 . body trajectories ) procs of ciras   k jagannathan   g pratt   j pratt   a persaghian   
a view selection tool for multidimensional databases hm jamil   ga modica   
modification of belief in evidential causal networks fj mcerlean   da bell   jw guan information and software technology   1999.0 
avalanche forecasting for transportation corridor and backcountry in glacier national park ( bc   j schweizer   jb jamieson   d skjonsberg    
computing geographical scopes of web resources j ding   l gravano   n shivakumar  vldb   2000.0 
stepped phase kinoforms 1990.0 ah vasara   jp turunen   j westerholm   mr taghizadeh proceedings of spie    
field computation by moment methods rf harrington    
doublydistortedmirrors sja orjicu proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
cell cycle regulation of chromatin binding and nuclear localization of human cdc7-ask kinase complex n sato   m sato   m nakayama   r saitoh   k arai   h genes to cells   2003.0    
literary resources for teachers and students who compute sl field   ld labbo  social studies and the young learner   1999.0 
public acceptance of genetically engineered food in developing countriesâ ?? the case of transgenic p aerni zurich   switzerland . iaw/eth zurich publications      
htpd conference 2004 a malaquiasâ ? ¦ san  
tastes likeâ ? ¦ m ciglar proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;     2005.0 
higher education in corporate readaptation . rr sims  new directions for higher education   1988.0 
a fast bilinear optimization algorithm xs ding   l ekenberg   m danielson 2003.0    
educause   p. 62 . rupley   sebastion ( july 8   2003 ) â ?? gaming goes to collegeâ ?? g kallules   g stine pc    
atlas of surface marine data 1994   vol . 1   algorithms and procedures   noaa atlas nesdis 6   83 pp.   a da silva   ac young   s levitus md    
data base provides instant credit reports to lenders . b wilkins computerworld.   1984.0    
optimization with piecewise-affine cost functions automat . contr . lab.   eth zurich   zurich   switzerland   tech . & hellip ;   g ferrari-trecate   p letizia   m spedicato   
company   1996 ; 325pp e regis   b little    
classroom research in psychology : assessment techniques to enhance teaching and learning . cj walker  new directions for teaching and learning   1991.0 
temporal slicing in the evaluation of xml queries proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   d gao   rt snodgrass  2003.0 
j. wid om . lore : a database management system for semistructured data j mchugh   s abiteboul   r goldman   d quass  sigmod record    
on the hydration and denaturation of proteins dm wrinch  phil . mag    
triangulation algorithms for adaptive terrain modeling   proceedings of the 4th international m heler zurich   switzerland    
motion in a geographical database system in 2nd international symposium on advances in spatial s shekhar   ta yang  zurich   switzerland   august    
canonical typing and { conversion f kamareddine   rp nederpelt  submitted for  
mutual coupling calculations including edge effects l josefsson  electronic letters   1994.0 
the great american crop surplus : 1983 solution r goodenough  geography    
the sum number of d-partite complete hypergraphs hm teichert   
church-related colleges and academics . new directions for higher education   kw shipps  1992.0 
maine   john feather   steven goldthorpe   and jeffrey   kahler   â ?? flight test of a propulsion-based jj burken   fw burcham jr   a trindel & hellip ; system using thrust modulation demonstration on an md-11    
acomparisonof spatialqueryprocessingtechniquesfor native andparameter spaces proc . sigmod intl. conf . on management of data   ja orenstein   
the ionization and dissociation of hydrogen molecules and the formation of h 3 aj dempster phil . mag    
photoacoustic imaging of blood vessel equivalent phantoms pc beard    
automatic deduction of temporal information r maiocchi   b pernici   f barbic acm transactions on database systems     1992.0 
a native extension of sql for mining data streams proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 c luo   h thakkar   h wang   c zaniolo   
towards mobile service agents within an advanced broadband in environment m breugst   l faglia   o pyrovolakis   is venieris   f 1999.0  computer networks    
vascular plants of the pacific northwest part 1 : vascular cryptogams   gymnosperms   and cl hitchcock   a cronquist   m ownbey   jw thompson  univeristy of washington press   seattle   washington   usa    
evaluation of ldcâ ?? s bilingual dictionaries s huang unpublished manuscript      
the tree quorum protocol : an efficient approach for managing replicated data vldb   1990.0 d agrawal   
metadata modeling in a global computing environment d pfoser   e pitoura   n tryfona   
early definitive abdominal evaluation in the triage of unconscious normotensive blunt trauma j pratt   s nichols   r brennan journal of emergency medicine   1995.0    
automated analysis of software requirements   university of maryland at college park   college park jm atlee  md    
computation of the block-pulse solution of singular systems z trzaska  iee proceedings  
language support for lightweight transactions t harris   k fraser    
strategic directions in database systems -- breaking out of the box a silberschatz   s zdonikâ ? ¦ acm computing surveys   1996.0 
query languages and data models for database sequences and data streams yn law   h wang   c zaniolo proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;     2004.0 
writing distributed programs in polylith   university of maryland at college park   college park c hofmeister   j atlee   j purtilo md      
the translation server project ( tsp ) institut fur informationssysteme eth   zurich   switzerland . & hellip ;   l perrochon   
runt domain partner proteins enhance dna binding and transcriptional repression in cultured genes to cells   m fujioka   gl yusibova   cm sackerson   s tillib   a  1996.0 
wireless hacks ( chapter 3 ) r flickenger   
larson   and fw tompa . efficiently updating materialized views ja blakeley   p ã ? proc . of the acm sigmod conf . on management of    
a characterization of constant width in minkowski planes   10 pp g averkov   h martini   
handling missing values in database systems using a naive bayesian classifier b harangsri   s matsushima   j shepherd   ahh ngu    
variants of the bile ducts : clinical application in the potential donor of living-related hepatic tl huang   yf cheng   cl chen   ty chen   ty lee transplantation proceedings   1996.0    
case study of using different evaluation techniques in small company j crellin   j preece information and software technology   1991.0 
craze   g.-a . & watt   i. ( 1981 ) . j. chem . soc . perkin trans . 2   pp. 175-184 . ermer   o.   mason   sa   rv cernik acc . chem .    
bureaucratic structure and economic performance in less developed countries j rauch   p evans uc san diego      
incremental computation and maintenance of temporal aggregates '' ( full version )   techreport 2000.0 j yang   j widom   
quality in the classroom : classroom assessment techniques as tqm new directions for teaching and learning   1998.0 e soetaert   
myocardial infarction in british white and asian adults : their health beliefs and health practices 4th european congress of psychology   athens   greece   p laungani   d sookhoo   
section 1â ?? field investigation u gã 1/4 ã § lã ¹ investigations on july 22   1967 mudurnu valley earthquake     1969.0    
territoriality on the shankill-falls divide   belfast fw boal irish geography    
modeling dna transition using markov random network submitted for j white   j chen   j wang   kjr liu   
rescue at sea ! pull-out 2 . social studies and the young learner   1998.0 d nesbitt   
optical tuning of cpw inp mmic oscilla-tor by illumination from back side of substrate using 1.5 pm h shiomi   s kawasaki   k matsugatani proc . of 28th european microwave conf.   belgium    
adult learners and internet-based distance education dv eastmond new directions for adult and continuing education   1998.0 
issues in network management in the next millennium ml brodie   s chaudhuri proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1999.0    
reference model for dbms user facility j gersting   k kinsley   n mcdonald   j north   m acm sigmod record   1988.0    
out of bedlam : management by quality leadership f price management decision    
application of the sdc optimal control algorithm to low-thrust escape and capture including fourth - gj whiffen   ja sims  proceedings of the 2 '' d international symposium on low & hellip ;    
an overview of natural hazard zoning with special reference to avalanches j hopf proceedings of the anniversary conference for the 25 years & hellip ;    
e graziadio   thaãse ( 1997a ) - an alternative framework for the strategic planning of stable pa zawislak   lf nascimento  & hellip ; international conference on management of technology mot    
maintenance of stratified databases viewed as a belief revision system k apt   jm pugin proceedings of the sixth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ;   1987.0 
routing explicit side information for data compression in wireless sensor networks h luo   g pottie    
biochemistry of hemostasis in bhagavan 4th edition   840-872 nv medical biochemistry academic press san diego   cm jackson   
transaction support in read optimized and write optimized file systems vldb   mi seltzer   m stonebraker  1990.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?design patterns in object-oriented frameworksã cents â ? ¬ â ? s srinivasan  ieee computer    
failure to recognize the effect of implicit social influence on the presentation of self jd vorauer   dt miller  journal of personality and social psychology   1997.0 
middleware based data replication providing snapshot isolation y lin   b kemme    
spec2000 : measuring cpu performance in the new millenium ieee computer   j henning   
cookbook : chiyaan ulini binaaltsoos . first edition . rh lynch  1986.0 
lightweight flexible isolation for language-based extensible systems l daynes   g czajkowski vldb   2002.0 
on the performance of convolutionally-coded cdma/ofdm for mobile communication system k fazel   l papke proc . pimrc      
computer graphics & university curricula j bresenham & hellip ; proceedings ( zurich - ~ rlikon   switzerland   july 17   1992 )    
learning and the instructional system . rb kozma new directions for higher education   1977.0    
the theory of probabilistic databases r cavallo   m pittarelli 1987.0  vldb    
novel approaches to the indexing of moving object trajectories proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ;   d pfoser   c jensen   y theodoridis  2000.0 
an open abstract-object storage system s blott   l relly   hj schek 1996.0  proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
on semantic reefs and efficient processing of correlation queries with aggregates vldb   1985.0 w kiessling   
early defence responses in plants infected with pathogenic organisms a talarczyk   j hennig    
on the determination of the velocity constant of a unimolecular reaction ea guggenheim  phil . mag    
fear and loathing on the micro trail . 1984.0 jd spinetto computerworld.    
realization problem for discrete-time positive linear systems applied mathematics and computer science   1997.0 t kaczorek   
the generalized tree quorum protocol : an efficient approach for managing replicated data ( corrigenda d agrawal   ae abbadi acmtds : acm transactions on database systems    
business-to-business interactions : issues and enabling technologies the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   b medjahed   b benatallah   a bouguettaya   ahh ngu    2003.0 
the active learning continuum : choosing activities to engage students in the classroom cc bonwell   te sutherland  new directions for teaching and learning   1996.0 
mobile devices to gain erp capability c haney computerworld      
clustering validity checking methods : part ii sigmod record   2002.0 m halkidi   y batistakis   
emergency nursing in perspective : mentoring   sharing   supporting be marett journal of emergency nursing   2000.0 
textbook of glaucoma 4th ed.   153-176 williams & wilkins baltimore md   mb shields   
modular mixin-based inheritance for application frameworks d duggan   cc techaubol   
6.852 distributed algorithms lecture notes : self-stabilization n lynch   b patt-shamir technical report   laboratory of computer science   mit   cambridge    
university of maryland   college park mp failey   dt ph md      
ecologische atlas van de nederlandse roofvogels ( 2e druk ) rg bijlsma   
listening to napster . peer-to-peer : harnessing the power of disruptive technologies   andy oram ( edt . c shirky 2001.0    
å 1/2 . 1 . a em arnett å 1/2 å 1/2  acc . chem . res    
presentation design using an integrated knowledge base y arens   l miller   n sondheimer acm press   new york   1991.0    
interoperability of geographical information systems h kuus 2002.0    
corrosion ' 2003 nace san diego   ca   sb farina   gs duffã ³   jr galvele   
describing and using query capabilities of heterogeneous sources v vassalos   y papakonstantinou 1997.0  vldb    
the denver model for groupware design t salvador   j scholtz   j larson acm sigchi bulletin     1996.0 
evaluating the benefits of cache-affinity scheduling in shared-memory multiprocessors j torrellas   a tucker   a gupta technical repor stanford university   july    
on the cirrus formation of cloud phil . mag   ws jevons   
an orthogonally persistent java mj jordan   t prinzezis   mp atkinson   l daynes   s sigmod record    
a broadening view of recombinational dna repair in bacteria mm cox genes to cells   1998.0    
spahal query processmg in an object-onented database system j orenstein acm sigmod    
ice and sand : linking the sandbox to geographic features in elementary social studies . rv morris social studies and the young learner   1999.0    
regional water balance in the mountainous arctic and its application for water-resource planning & hellip ; proceedings of the 25 th international geographical & hellip ;   1984.0 a ohmura   
evaluating lan communications performance for a real-time environment rd harrison   dt marlow 1996.0  proceedings of the 4th international workshop on parallel & hellip ;    
minimal forbidden subgraphs of reducible graph properties aj berger discussiones mathematicae graph theory   2001.0    
entity-life modeling in a distributed environment proceedings of the 4th international workshop on parallel & hellip ;   1996.0 bi sanden   
the university of louisville . dc swain new directions for higher education   1988.0    
obstracles to the adoption of mobile agents ( panel ) v roth  & hellip ; conference on mobile data management ( mdmâ ?? 04 )   berkeley ( & hellip ;    
preparing teachers to be moral educators : a neglected duty . new directions for higher education   1980.0 t lickona   
liquid crystals v proc . spie   2001.0 ic khoo   
optical microscopy of ktao3 [ j ] le cross  phil . mag    
polynomial transform computation of the 2-d dct p duhamel   c guillemot    
tensegric mobile controlled by pseudo forces kg kobayashi   t ichizawa   k nakano   k ootsubo  proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
management and organization of an evaluation unit in a state education agency 1983.0 hi peck   se triplett new directions for program evaluation    
mediation bytools in the mathematics classroom ` in meira   l. and carraher l meira  1995.0 
group delay   delay distortion and its measurement h vifian & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule   zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ;   1973.0 
practical skew handling in parallel joins dj dewitt   jf naughton   da schneider   s seshadri proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1992.0    
conversion and the codasyl framework dcp smith  vldb   1978.0 
multivariate analysis : methods and applications 1984.0 wr dillon   m goldstein   
can we really control what happens during the ramp ? c michel jonker   s geneva    
roi for it projects elusive but essential gh anthes  computerworld    
h.   z wicker   m.   v an b aar   j.   g ross   m. 2000 . surfels : surface elements as rendering primitives p fister proceedings of acm siggraph    
optical proteinchip as microarrays for protein interaction determination g jin   h wang   yh meng   pq ying   lh xia   
blinc : multilevel traffic classification in the dark t karagiannis    
the american side of the development of algol aj perlis history of programming languages   1978.0 
forty-two-month impacts of vermont 's welfare restructuring project r hendra   c michalopoulos    
e-ciently updating materialized views j blakely   p larson   f tompa proceedings acm sigmod conference on management of  
immune responses to prrs virus [ a ] t molitor proceedings of the 1993 allen d. leman swine conference    
population limitation in birds : academic press i newton san diego   california    
thesus   a closer view on web content management enhanced with link semantics b nguyen ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
å 1/2 . 11 . a k. fukui å 1/2 å 1/2  acc . chem . res    
pyroclastic rocks rv fisher   hu schmincke   1985.0 
acm portal google   inc. tm vijayaraman   ap buchmann   c mohan   nl sarda  proceedings of the 22th international conference on very & hellip ;   1996.0 
survey results of women who have been strangled while in an abusive relationship journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 l wilbur   m higley   j hatfield   z surprenant   e   
the interlace polynomial : a new graph polynomial r arratia    
simon 's rock : meeting the developmental needs of the early college student . new directions for higher education   1980.0 n goldberger   
path rewriting in semistructured data d debarbieux   y roos   s tison   y andre   ac caron    
little planning goes a long way : needs analysis . s abraham  computerworld.   1982.0 
pathfinder : xqueryâ ?? the relational way proc . vldb conf   2005.0 p boncz   t grust   m van keulen   s manegold   j   
experimental determination of the fluid-absent melting relations in the pelitic system contributions to mineralogy and petrology   1988.0 d vielzeuf   jr holloway   
acm portal google   inc. proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ;   2000.0 a el abbadi   ml brodie   s chakravarthy   u dayal   n   
sturmâ ?? s theorem for hyperelliptic integrals algebra i analiz   ab givental   
the software concordance : a new software document management environment proceedings of acm conf . on comp . documentation   2003.0 tn nguyen   ev munson   
modeling of workload in mpps j jann   p pattnaik   h franke   f wang   j skovira   j  lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
distributed multimedia systems vok li   w liao  proceedings-ieee   1997.0 
jim gray speaks out m winslett sigmod record   2003.0 
lifetime reproduction in birds : academic press i newton san diego   california      
designing the user interface ( videotape )   university of maryland at college park   college park md   b shneiderman   
how to implement isdns without user observability -- someremarks 1987.0 a pfitzmann acm sigsac review    
integrating biological research through web services ht gao   jh hayes   h cai    
a performance comparsion of ethernet and the cambridge digital communication ring computer networks   gs blair   d shepherd   
thesus : organizing web document collections based on link semantics a greece   d de voluceau   
communication apprehension in the college classroom . ja daly new directions for teaching and learning   1986.0 
fast constructions of sparse neighborhood covers b awerbuch   b berger   l cowen   d peleg unpublished    
presentation at the high energy astrophysics division ( head ) meeting s boggsâ ? ¦ san diego   usa      
software components and reuse-getting more out of your code pav hall 1987.0  information and software technology    
rm c rooks   gc osbourn   saw chemical sensor arrays : new chemically sensitive interfaces combined aj ricco   rm crooks  acc . chem . res    
technology as traitor : emergent sap infrastructure in a global organization o hanseth   k braa    
tool presentation : sal 2 l de moura   s owre   h rueã ?   j rushby   n shankar    at cav    
reporting the world : teaching current events from a global perspective tf kirkwood-tucker 1999.0  social studies and the young learner    
gigabit network multicast protocols x chen   1996.0 
effects of daily stress on negative mood n bolger   a delongis   rc kessler   ea schilling journal of personality and social psychology   1989.0    
framework for mobile users j mysore   vvars orchestration 3rd international conference on mobile data management    
lr parsing from an arbitrary starting point procs . of sigparse/acl third international workshop on & hellip ;   g costagliola   
memory consistency and event ordering in scalable shared-memory multiprocessors in proceedmgs of the k gharachorloo   d lenoski   j laudon   p gibbons   a seattle   washington   june    
optimizationofquerieswithuserdefined predicates s chaudhuri   k shim 1996.0    
non-cooperative formation of multi-agent teams r axtell proc . aamas2002   acm press    
on the advantages of approximate vs. complete verification : bigger models   faster   less memory   m heimdahl   j gao   d owen   t menzies    
hate crimes san diego   d bender   
grizzly bear predation on elk calves and other fauna of yellowstone national park ka gunther   ra renkin  international conference on bear research and management    
aggregates in possibilistic databases ea rundensteiner    
signed quorum systems h yu    
moving object surveillance and analysis of camera-based security systems j freer    
object fusion in mediator systems ( extended version ) . available by anonymous ftp at db y papakonstantinou   h garcia-molina stanford . edu as the le/pub/papakonstantinou / 1995/fusion -    
on the generation of spatiotemporal datasets y theodoridis   jro silva   ma nascimento    
astron . & astroph . 409 ( 2003 ) 799 lg sveshnikova  proc . 28th int . cosmic ray conf.   tsukuba    
the internet : which future for organised knowledge   frankenstein or pygmalion ? part 1 l floridi  electronic library   1996.0 
crystal field effects in metals and alloys zurich   switzerland   1-4 sept. 1976   a furrer  1976.0 
iterated phantom induction : a knowledge-based approach to learning control m brodie   g dejong machine learning   2001.0 
business reporting on the internet a lymer   r debreceny   g gray   a rahman   
on the topological model theory of normal disjunctive lattices   â ?? p bankston    
optimizing database architecture for the new bottleneck : memory access ( extended paper published for the vldb journal   p boncz   s manegold   m kersten   
belief reasoning in mls deductive databases hm jamil sigmod conference     1999.0 
what happens during a join ? dissecting cpu and memory optimization effects s manegold   p boncz   ml kersten   
aliens who receive ssi payments . unpublished manuscript.   cg scott   e ponce   
making-a-case : a study of the classroom construction of academic literacy la rex 1997.0    
realization of high breakdown voltage ( > 700 v ) in thin soi devices s merchant   e arnold   h baumgart   s mukherjee   h   
solid state tonics m shyono   k kobayashi   tl nguyen   k hosoda   t kato   
wolfe-dietrich   and anoop gupta . \ \ splash : stanford parallel applications for shared-memory   '' jp singh technical report csl-tr-92-526   stanford university   computer    
atomnaya nergiya   2 vl shashkin  i    
the bird collectors : academic press san diego   california   b mearns   r mearns   
h early experience with rule based query rewrite optimization in optimization workshop h plrahe   1989.0 
september 2003 as at 30 sept. 2003 $ m as at as at    
principles of medicinal chemistry gh hamor m. varghese company   bombay   india  
why erp projects cause panic attacks m betts  computerworld    
emerging needs for consultants in higher education . dh pilon new directions for higher education     1991.0 
ecientlymininglongpatternsfromdatabases r bayardo proc . of the acm sigmod conference on management of data   & hellip ;    
generating spatiotemporal datasets on the www . acms anthology  sigmod record   2000.0 
color doppler in the diagnosis of ectopic pregnancy in the emergency department : is there anything m blaivas 2002.0  journal of emergency medicine    
the bandwidth bottleneck s rupley  pc magazine    
accessing a relational database through an object-oriented database interface proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   j orenstein  1995.0 
building program optimizers with rewriting strategies e visser   a tolmach  proceedings of the third acm sigplan international & hellip ;   1999.0 
submitted to nucl . fusion ; angioni   c.   et al c angioniâ ? ¦  proc . of the 29th eps conf . on plasma phys . and control . & hellip ;    
developing and nurturing professional relationships . new directions for adult and continuing education   wa howe  1993.0 
who is speaking thus ? some questions about documentary photography . a solomon-godeau  i. falk    
an adaptive hash join algorithm for multiuser envronments proceedings of the 16th international conference on vldb   h zeller   j gray   
characterisation of mobile radio signals : base station crosscorrelation amd turkmani    
on graphs all of whose { c ~ 3   t ~ 3 } - free arc colorations are kernel-perfect 2001.0 h galeana-sanchez   jj garcia-ruvalcaba discussiones mathematicae graph theory    
stress   coping   and adult education 1990.0 sa mcclary new directions for adult and continuing education    
the validity of pre-calculus multiple choice and performance-based testing as predictor of 1996.0 gl fisher   
jennifer widom . incremental computation and maintenance of temporal aggregates 17th international conference on data engineering   y jun   
some notes on the integration of planning and reactivity in autonomous mobile robots a saotti   
assessing ac motor dielectric withstand capability to reflected voltage stress using corona testing j erdman   j pankau   g skibinski   1996.0 
for integrated environments proceedings of the 4th international workshop on computer - d garlan   e ilias   atip low-cost   
tyrosine-phosphorylated proteins including src and src-related kinases   and their subcellular ti pestina   pe stenberg   bi druker   sa steward   nk    
winners and losers : who benefits most from the mba ? management learning   r simpson  2000.0 
prisons as communities : needs and challenges wb james   je witte   d tal-mason new directions for adult and continuing education   1996.0    
a guide to the nests   eggs and nestlings of north american birds.â ?? academic press pj baicich   cjo harrison san diego   california    
the heuristic search and the game of chess procs . 4th int . joint conf . on art . lr harris   
augmented reality as a metaphor in mobile computing o bertelsen   c nielsen proc dis2000   acm   acm    
chart parsing of attributed structure-sharing flowgraphs with tie-point relationships procs of third internationa workshop on parsing technologies   r lutz   
who gets what   where and how : a welfare focus for human geographyâ ?? dm smith geography    
â ?? why systolic architeclures ? ht kung ieee computer    
timing issues of constant bit rate services over atm m mulvey   iy kim   abd reid bt technology journal     1995.0 
b ~ rnstein   pa on the updatability of relational views proc . 4th int . conf . very large databases   berlin   west & hellip ;   u dayal   
liquid drop effects on self-ignition of combustible gas v golâ ?? dshtein   i shreiber   i goldfarb   a  proc . 26th int . symp . on combustion    
a new   robust   parallel hash join method for data skew in the super database computer '' m kitsuregawa   y ogawa  int . conf on vldb   brisbane    
nanogen c technology  san  
use of lexical conceptual structure for intelligent tutoring   university of maryland at college park b dorr   j hendler   s blanksteen   b migdalof md      
a social history of the mobile telephone with a view of its future bt technology journal   h lacohã © e   n wakeford   i pearson  2003.0 
v. shrinivasan accessing relational databases from the world wide web t nguyen  proc . of acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data    
x-ray line broadening and stored energy in deformed and annealed calcite phil . mag   ka gross   
town and gown : forums for conflict and consensus between universities and communities w warfield new directions for higher education     1995.0 
a checklist for developing   implementing   and assessing mentoring programs [ appendix ] ma wunsch  new directions for teaching and learning    
who manages your rights ? mj miller pc magazine      
oo   hm levy   and s. sjparekh   '' an analysis of database workload performance on simultaneous jl lo   l ajbarroso   sj eggers   k gharachor proceedings of the 25 thinternational symposium on computer & hellip ;      
gdl : web services security ( ws-security ) b atkinsonâ ? ¦  technical report   microsoft   ibm and verisign  
on accessing object-oriented databases : expressive power   com-plexity   and restrictions proc . acm sigmod int â ?? 1 . conj   on management of data   r hull   j su   
affective multimodal human-computer interaction proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   m pantic   n sebe   jf cohn   t huang  2005.0 
semiprime skew polynomial rings a moussavi   e hashemi   
j and mcinnes ja 1977 pn butcher   kj hayden  phil . mag    
the interpretation of cdr radar data to obtain rainrates in storms 1984.0 r mcguinness   ar holt   rg humphries conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland    
the validity of idiographic research explanations the academy of management review   1989.0 h tsoukas   
a disjunctive datalog system ( and more ) tutorial http://www . dbai . tuwien . ac . at/proj/dlv   g pfeifer   w faber   
ã cents â ? ¬ å?proportional sampling strategy : guidelines for software testing practitionersã cents â ? ¬ â ? ft chan   ty chen   ik mak   yt yu information and software  
faktorisierung von multivariaten polynomen ã 1/4 ber endliche n kã ¶ rpern unter verwendung der blackbox - c gut  term project   eth   zurich   switzerland   january    
survey : the challenges of mobile computing g forman   j zahorjan  ieee computer    
einfluss der bewirtschaftungs-verfahren des dok-versuchs auf die mineralisierung und verfã 1/4 gbarkeit sa meyre  ph. d. thesis no. 12405   eth zurich   switzerland    
experiments in numerical reasoning with inductive logic programming a srinivasan   r camacho   
dual-buffer strategies in object bases a kemper   d kossmann  20th int . conf . on very large data bases  
activex controls inside out 1997.0 a denning   
special dell-ivery . â ?? j maglitta  electronic business    
compact modeling for rf cmos circuit simulation athens   greece   2001.0 aj scholten   rv langeelde   lf tiemeijerâ ? ¦   
structure and steroidogenic enzimes of the seminal vesicle of the urohaze-goby ( glossogobius k asahina   k suzuki   t hibiya   b tamaoki san diego      
reduction of no x   smoke and brake specific fuel consumption with optimal injection timing and proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2001.0 jw park   ky huh   jh lee   
cache-conscious radix-decluster projections s manegold   p boncz   n nes   m kersten proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;     2004.0 
a relational view of the data independent accessing model ls schneider proceedings of the 1976 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1976.0 
the effects of self-esteem and evaluator demandingness on effort expenditure journal of personality and social psychology   h sigall   r gould  1977.0 
computing queries from derived relatmns pa larson   hz yang proceedings of the llth vldb ( stockholm   aug. .    
data fusion techniques of heterogeneous sensor images for debris hazard assessments k tsutsui   s miyazaki   h nakagawa   t shiraishi   s area   2001.0 
small-scale structure of cold dark matter dj schwarz   s hofmann    
the evolution of proteinase substrates with special reference to dipeptidylpeptidase iv re smith   cj reynolds   ea elder  the histochemical journal   1992.0 
rotary switch and current monitor by hall-based microsystems rs vanha ph. d. dissertation   eth zurich   switzerland      
g.   peregrine   h & bredmose h. ( 2004 ) characteristics and design implications of breaking wave g bullock   c obhrai   g wolters   gw mã 1/4 ller proc . 29th intl. conference coastal  
indexing trajectories of moving point objects d pfoser   y theodoridis   cs jensen vldb conference      
should computer scientists experiment more ? 16 excuses to avoid experimentation 1998.0 wf tichy ieee computer    
assessment in accelerated learning programs : a practical guide be walvoord new directions for adult and continuing education     2003.0 
project partnering project management journal   1992.0 c cowan   c gray   e larson   
matching information systems with corporate information needs mc er  information and software technology   1987.0 
nsf-inria . worksop sigmod record   1990.0 s abiteboul   p buneman   c delobel   r hull   p   
learning addition and subtraction : effects of number words and other cultural tools kc fuson   y kwon  pathways to number    
personal communication n sandburg  biological consultant   santa barbara   california    
defending against an internet-based attack on the physical world s byers   ad rubin   d kormann acm transactions on internet technology   2004.0 
new directions in presentation graphics : impact on teaching and learning 1992.0 jt head new directions for teaching and learning    
aves swell and northern lesser antilles ridge : rock-dredging results from arcante 3 cruise p bouysse   p andreieff   m richard   jc baubron   a  see mascle    
due diligenceâ ?? why it needs to be involved before a merger k melymuka  computerworld    
comparing state repression of pro-state vigilantes and anti-state insurgents : northern ireland   1972 rw white 1999.0  mobilization-san diego -    
computing queries from derived relations hz yang   pã ? larson eleventh international conference on vldb   stockholm      
a majority consensus approach to concurrency control rh thomas acm trans . database systems      
the rise and fall of festivals ; reflections on the salzburg festival bs frey    
principles of medicinal chemistry   4th ed. ; williams & wilkins : baltimore wo foye   tl lemke md      
chemistry of chemical vapor deposition of silicon y shimogaki   h komiyama  proceedings of 11th international conference on c < d    
presentation   time to antibiotics   and mortality of patients with bacterial meningitis at an urban jr miner   w heegaard   a mapes   m biros journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 
an overview of the real-time corba specification c douglas   f kuhns    
refactoring for generalization using type constraints f tip   a kiezun   d baumer    
sunday observer   18 may 2003 j burke    
special section on electronic commerce a dogac acm sigmod record      
disulfido metal carbonyl complexes containing manganese . rd adams   os kwon   s miao acc . chem . res   2005.0 
the impact of training employees of a formal wear company in the sale of wedding stationery dl jeranek 2000.0    
fire history of the pinyon-juniper woodlands of great basin national park . usdi national park ge gruell   le eddleman   r jaindl  pacific northwest region   seattle   washington    
peoplesoft speeds erp installations   upgrades c stedman computerworld    
the company as family   no more nr kleinfield  new york times    
neurobiol . 9   329 ( 1978 ) ] j joyner    
an empirical study of epidemic algorithms in large scale multihop wireless networks d ganesan   b krishnamachari   a woo   d culler   d   
certifying off-the-shelf software components ieee computer   jm voas  1998.0 
æ ¶ ? æ ?? å · ¥ è?º ( ç ¬ ¬ å?å ?? ) . å ?? äº ¬ : å ?? å ¦ å · ¥ ä ¸ ? å?ºé ¡ ºç $ 3/4 é © ¬ åº?æ ??    
permutation groups ds passman  1968.0 
friction-induced torsional vibrations in an experimental drill-string system n mihajlovic   aa van veggel   n van de wouw   h   
achieving robustness in distributed database systems acm transactions on database systems   1983.0 dl eager   kc sevcik   
electrooptic and photorefractive effects in knbo3 1976.0 p guenter & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule   zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ;    
temporal databases rt snodgrass   
concurring 121 s ct. . j scalia   
h 2 o 2 in co 2 : sustainable production and green reactions d hã cents ncu acc . chem . res   2002.0 
the california gap analysis project fw davis   dm stoms   ad hollander   ka thomas   pa & hellip ; report ( university of california   santa barbara   california & hellip ;      
papakonstantinou . describing andusingquerycapabilities ofheterogeneous sources v vassalosandy proceedings of international conference on very large  
discovering columbus : classroom activities . r moulden  social studies and the young learner   1992.0 
global positioning system for mobile robots with distributed sensors jh lee   h hashimoto proc . int . conf . iros    
an information theoretic approach for shared bottleneck inference based on end-to-end measurements d katabi   i bazzi   x yang   
build your own web site ln ulanoffâ ? ¦ pc magazine   september      
dscl : a data specification and conversion language for networks gm schneider proceedings of the 1975 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1975.0    
optimizing epochal evolutionary search : population-size dependent theory machine learning   2001.0 e van nimwegen   jp crutchfield   
microsoft blows smoke   just like the old ibm gn ray  computerworld    
the smart box concept for ubiquitous computing environments submitted for c floerkemeier   m lampe   t schoch   
who 's liable for insecure networks ? e kenneally   
a quality-model-based approach for describing and evaluating software components x franch   jp carvallo  procs . 10 thinternational conference on requirements  
special topic section on peer to peer data management k aberer acm sigmod record    
probabilistic temporal databases   ii : calculus and query processing a dekhtyar    
the bounded tree-width problem of context-free graph languages k skodinis proceedings of the 23rd international workshop on graph - & hellip ;   1997.0    
rainbow fair queueing : theory and applications z cao   e zegura   z wang   z cao   e zegura   z wang  computer networks   2005.0 
experimental realization of a colloidal glass former in 2d h konig   r hund   k zahn   g maret  2004.0 
incremental computation of time-varying query expressions l baekgaard   l mark   
a model for temporal probabilistic reasoning gf cooper   ej horvitz   de heckerman  technical report ksl-88-30   stanford university   section on  
normal subgroup reconstruction and quantum computation using group representations s hallgren   a russell   a ta-shma   
an overview of aspectjâ ''   in   jl knudsen g kiczales   e hilsdale   j hugunin   m kersten   j proceedings of    
effects of social context on consensus and majority vote decision making d tjosvold   rhg field the academy of management journal     1983.0 
an orthogonally persistent java acm sigmod record   25   4 mp atkinson   l daynes   mj jordan   t printezis   s    
your mediators need data conversation s cluet   c delobel   j simeon   k smaga  proceedings of acm-sigmod international  
reporting comparative leakage performance b report   
electron microscopic studies on the thyroid gland of domestic fowl   with special reference to the cell and tissue research   1963.0 h fujita   
the negative side of social interaction : impact on psychological well-being journal of personality and social psychology   1984.0 ks rook   
nonfabrics : spatial computing using molecular electronics sc goldstein   m budiu  proc . of the 28th annual int . symp . on computer architecture    
c. mohan speaks out m winslett sigmod record   2004.0 
an internet-based negotiation server for e-commerce y stanley   h chunbo   h joachimâ ? ¦  very large data bases j    
the binding energy of the thom as { ferm i atom jmc scott  phil . mag    
ps-algol : an algol with a persistent heap mp atkinson   kj chisholm   wp cockshott acm sigplan  
02140   usa   tel : + 1 617 354 5800   january 1989 ma cambridge   
contribution to the accapp03 conference san diego   a boudardâ ? ¦   
conf . on management of data   san diego   ca bs int sigmod    
special section on software testing r hamlet comm . acm   1988.0 
consumer product safety commission   bethesda ma babich   ta thomas md      
interventions for educating children who have attended the emergency room for asthma mm haby   e waters   cf robertson   pg gibson   fm cochrane database syst rev     2001.0 
peer-to-peer   harnessing the power of disruptive technologies c shirkey   2001.0 
expressing and optimizing sequence queries in database systems r sadri   c zaniolo   a zarkesh   j adibi 2004.0  acm transactions on database systems    
new millennium new emergency management journal of emergency management   rb neil   
running the visa gauntlet aj sementelli  new directions for higher education   2002.0 
special section on information visualization acm sigmod record   t catarci   if cruz   
towards an integration of answer set and constraint solving . s baselice   pa bonatti   m gelfond   
starting and sustaining a consortium f baus   ca ramsbottom new directions for higher education   1999.0 
tenure and the moderation of conflict . new directions for higher education   rd clark  1974.0 
solids 1   1 ( 1968 ) nf mott phil . mag      
d.   skolnick   p.   seale   tw & paul r schwartz sm ( 1986 ) demonstration    
ã cents â ? ¬ å?zero skew clock net routing   ã cents â ? ¬ â ? in th chao   yc hsu   jm ho proc . acm/ieee design automation conf      
po box 27213 llc o-navi san diego    
assessing the validity of matching target and comparison neighborhoods for a spatially-targeted internal memorandum . new york : manpower demonstration & hellip ;   n verma   
women and empowerment : part i. simulation for early elementary social studies . me hauser   jc hauser 1994.0  social studies and the young learner    
complexity of colored graph covers i. colored directed multigraphs j kratochvãl   a proskurowski   ja telle proceedings of the 23rd international workshop on graph - & hellip ;     1997.0 
wildlife-habitat relationships : concepts and applications ml morrison   bg marcot   rw mannan   1992.0 
a multi-similarity algebra s adal   p bonatti   ml sapino   vs subrahmanian   
recursive star-tree parallel data-structure   university of maryland at college park   college park md   o berkman   u vishkin   
design-analysis associativity technology for psi r peak   re fulton   a chandrasekhar   s cimtalay   m phase i report : pilot demonstration of step-based stress  
shortcut fusion for accumulating parameters & zip-like functions j svenningsson   
diffusion anomaly at a surface reconstruction ( abstract only ) 1991.0 t ala-nissila   wk han   sc ying oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;    
poã ¨ ãtaã ¨ ovã © viry na prahu milã © nia t pã ¸ ibyl computerworld    
ethical considerations in internet-based adult education me holt 1998.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
integrating dynamically-fetched external information into a dbms for semistructured data j mchugh   j widom 1997.0  sigmod record    
flexible inner-outer krylov methods ( and inexact krylov methods )   presentation at the latsis v simoncini   d szyld  eth   zurich   switzerland    
how abstract machines implement head linear reduction v danos   l regnier submitted for publication    
proto-oncogene of int-3   a mouse notch homologue   is expressed in endothelial cells during early genes to cells   y shirayoshi   y yuasa   t suzuki   k sugaya   e  1997.0 
dynamic quorum adjustment for partitioned data acm transactions on database systems   m herlihy  1987.0 
ruling los angeles : neighborhood movements   urban regimes   and the production of space in southern 1997.0 m purcell urban geography    
probabilistic temporal databases : algebra and implementation a dekhtyar   r ross   vs subrahmanian technical report cs-tr-3987   university of maryland ( january  
radio k-colorings of paths 2004.0 g chartrand   l nebesky   p zhang discussiones mathematicae graph theory    
query optimization in the presence of foreign functions s chaudhuri   k shim proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1993.0    
per - ake larson   and frank w. tompa . e ciently updating materialized views acm sigmod international conference on the management of & hellip ;   ja blakeley   
dataguides : enabling query formulation and optimization in semistructured data r goldman   j widom  proceedings of the 23rd international conference on very  
consortium purchasing je bishop new directions for higher education     2002.0 
professor of materials d clarke university of california santa    
care and maintenance of salt brines b wendorff   m johnson   
selenium/zeolite y nanocomposites . a goldbach   ml saboungi acc . chem . res   2005.0    
structure detection and model validity tests in the identification of nonlinear systems 1983.0 sa billings   wsf voon iee proceedings    
cheetah : a lightweight transaction server for plug-and-play internet data management g pardon   g alonso 2000.0  vldb    
characteristics of female sexually transmitted disease clinic clients who report same-sex behaviour jm marrazzo   la koutsky   
principles and realization strategies of multilevel transaction management acm transactions on database systems   g weikum  1991.0 
image fusion with the hermite transform b escalante-ramirez   a lopez-caloca   
source specific query rewriting and query plan generation for merging xml-based semistructured data a shah 2001.0    
telephone advice : lessons learned and considerations for starting programs dl robinson   mm anderson   pm acheson  journal of emergency nursing   1996.0 
panelists   â ?? itcâ ?? 99 benchmark circuits-preliminary results   â ?? proc . int . test conf   s davidson   
lore : a database management systemfor semistruc-tured data j mchugh   s abiteboul   r goldman   d quass   j widom  sigmodrecord    
collected essays   vol 1 g orwell why i write    
hierarchical performance analysis models for data base systems i miyamoto vldb     1975.0 
generic database cost models for hierarchical memory systems s manegold   pa boncz   ml kersten vldb   2002.0 
goal and strategy formulation in the management of global environmental risks see ref   ma levy   j cavender-bares   wc clark   g dinkelman     
extragalactic astronomy including observational cosmology proceedings of the crafoord symposium   stockholm   september & hellip ;   1992.0 e elvius   
computers are n't pulling their weight er berndt   cj morrison computerworld      
why i like working in academia rt snodgrass sigmod record     2002.0 
algebraic support for complex objects with arrays   identity and inheritance proc acm sigmod   denver   may   sl vandenburg   dj dewitt   
efficiently updating materialized views   '' acm sigmod int conf . on management of data   washington   dc   may   j blakely   pa larson   fw tompa   
what happens during a join dissecting cpu and memory optimization effects . in the 26th & hellip ;   s manegold   pa boncz   ml kersten   
high energy density   low impedance capacitors using pressurized water as dielectric ar miller fifth symposium on engineering problems of fusion research     1973.0 
timers donâ ?? t work well l zhang   tcp why  proceedings of acm  
effects of daily workload on subsequent behavior during marital interaction : the roles of social rl repetti journal of personality and social psychology   1989.0    
choosing to be a consultant : this is a living ? . lj zachary 1993.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
llhth handbook : a guide for lilith users and programmers tech rep   institut fur informatik der eth zurich   switzerland   n wirth   l geissmann   j hoppe   c jacobi   se   
but i do n't want to be a manager computerworld   d davis   
wã $ rme-und stoffã 1/4 bertragung   3 . auflage 1998.0 hd baehr   k stephan   
slicing the value dependence graph md ernst  technical report msr-tr-94-22   microsoft research   redmond   wa    
a geometric approach to threshold circuit complexity t kailath   a orlitsky   v roychowdhury   ky siu proc . 4th acm conference colt    
20910   usa   1979 md spring   
connecticut post-time limit tracking study : six-month survey results d bloom   r hendra   ja hunter-manns   j walter   1999.0 
fifa development division & hellip ; to cies at fifa headquarters   zurich   switzerland   m harvey   
lecture notes for 6.852 n lynch   k goldman mit/lcs/rss -5   laboratory for computer science   mit    
te iii . cheatham pa kollman   i massova   c reyes   b kuhn   s huo   l acc . chem . res    
part seven : should adult and continuing education professionals be certified ? . 1992.0 wb james   ba white new directions for adult and continuing education    
the design of special purpose chips mj foster   ht kung ieee computer      
adaptive resource management for indoor mobile computing environments s lu   v bharghavan  proceedings of acm  
odd and residue domination numbers of a graph y caro   wf klostermeyer   jl goldwasser  discussiones mathematicae graph theory   2001.0 
object fusion in mediator systems extended version . available by anonymous ftp at db yp pgm   h garcia-molina stanford . edu as the le pubpapakonstantinou1995fusion-extended .  
strategic partnerships and competitiveness of business-to-business e-marketplaces : preliminary 2002.0 m lenz electronic markets    
schema evolution in object-oriented database systems 1989.0 gt nguyen   d rieu data & knowledge engineering    
bone disease in liver transplant recipients : incidence   timing   and risk factors mk porayko   rh wiesner   je hay   raf krom   er transplant proc     1991.0 
can nonexperimental comparison group methods match the findings from a random assignment evaluation h bloom   c michalopoulos   c hill   y lei  manpower demonstration research corporation   june    
an analysis of storage utilization in block split data structuring scheme 4th international conference on very large t nakamura   t mizoguchi   
responding to learning needs . 1979.0 kp cross new directions for higher education    
mobile radio channels modeling in matlab n kostov   
s. subrahmanian . amultimediapresentation algebra s adali   ml sapinoetv & hellip ; of the acm sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;    
no task left behind ? examining the nature of fragmented work proceedings of acm chi   2005.0 g mark   vm gonzalez   j harris   
perturbations in the fibrinolytic pathway abolish cyst formation but not capillary-like organization n dubois-stringfellow    
discontinuous trajectories optimality in the nonlinear optimal control problems g kolokolnikova procs of 13th world congress of the ifac    
minimum cost path using binary relation inference network submitted for publication   c su   kp lam   
hydrofoil analysis and design program ( hande ) final report aj brennan   jd burroghs   wc hurt   w wichert   d the boeing company   seattle   washington   d    
developing scalable protocols for three-metric qos routing lhmk costa   s fdida   ocmb duarte 2002.0  computer networks    
sampling design and realization of paths of a generation . nb tuma   m titma   vb yakubovich  1996.0 
certifying ots software components j voas ieee computer    
kaleidoscope data model for an english-like query language sk cha   g wiederhold vldb   1991.0    
comã 3/4 verstehen d platt   1999.0 
extended abstract h mannila   kjdi raiha proceedings of the very large databases conference vldb   & hellip ;      
electrical stimulation for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis l pelland   l brosseau   l casimiro   v robinson   p cochrane database syst rev    
â ?? tore supra : the real time plasma controlâ ?? d moulen   b couturier   l ducobu   d elbeze   b proc . 28th symposium on fusion technology   marseilles   & hellip ;    
technological transfer and adaptation by multinationals ' and foreign joint venture 's operations in rv sannassee   r pearce   
a survey of indexing techniques for moving object trajectories oi abdul-matin   on waterloo    
doppler broadening and magnetic field effects on the balmer lines emitted at the edge of a tokamak jd hey   m korten   yt lie   a posphieszczyk   d contributions to plasma physics    
incremental computation and maintenance of temporal aggregates y jun    
an information theoretic approach for shared bottleneck inference based on end-to-end measurements . d katabi   i bazzi   x yang   1999.0 
programming with microsoft visual c++ . net g shepherd   dj kruglinski  microsoft  
mesoscale alpine program : science plan p bougeault   p binder   j kuettner eth   zurich   switzerland      
consumer behaviour new york   jf engel   rd blackwell   pw miniard   
trajectories of sinking particles in the sargasso sea : modeling of statistical funnels above deep - deep-sea research i   da siegel   wg deuser  1997.0 
the windows way to web services   microsoft 's web services approach may be the easiest but at what t yager  microsoft . net    
higher-order magneto-electric effects phil . mag   e ascher   
a profile of regionally accredited for-profit institutions of higher education k kinser  new directions for higher education   2005.0 
optimale regelung fur systeme mit variabler struktur phd thesis   eidgenossischen technischen hochschule zurich   am schmid   
cultural and linguistic diversity resource guide for speech-language pathologists b goldstein  san diego   singular    
mining multi-dimensional association rules using data cubes j han   m kamber   j chiang    
help ! my software maintenance is out of control rj glass  computerworld    
presentation at educational computing conference h barrett san diego    
lattice reduction in cryptology : an update pq nguyen   j stern 2000.0  lecture notes in computer science    
mediators in the architecture of future information g wiederhold ieee computer    
creativity and adult education 1999.0 pj edelson new directions for adult and continuing education    
reinhold . zâ ?? ypechecking is undecidable when â ?? type j 1s a type b mark technical report 458   mit laboratory for computer science      
piranha : a hunter of crashed corba objects ieee computer   s maffeis   
a persistent rescheduled-page cache for low-overhead object code compatibility t conte   s sathaye   s banerjia  proc . of the 29th symposium on microarchitecture    
towards a unified theory of concurrency control and recovery hj schek   g weikum   h ye    
temporal databases - status and research directions sigmod record   rt snodgrass  1990.0 
optimizing existential datalog queries r ramakrishnan  proceedings of the seventh acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ;   1988.0 
keo-ladeo national park ecology study   summary report 1980-1985 s ah   vs vijayan  bombay natural history society report   bom-bay   india    
modula-3 language definition l cardelli   j donahue   l glassman   m jordan   b  acm sigplan notices   1992.0 
efficiently updating materialized views ja blakeley   pa larson   fw tompa    
de paramilitares y otras hierbas e pizarro unpublished manuscript    
leaf blade stomatal densities of ten warm-season perennial grass and their evapotranspiration rate dm casnoff   rl green   jb beard proc . int . turfgrass res . conf    
50 . prescribing   recording   and reporting photon beam therapy   bethesda i report md      
in vivo replication of filamentous phage dna ds ray see dumas    
attributions and arousal as mediators of mitigationâ ?? s effect on retaliation jf kremer   l stephens  journal of personality and social psychology    
amylase and lipase in the emergency department evaluation of acute pancreatitis rj vissers   rb abu-laban   df mchugh journal of emergency medicine   1999.0    
finding data in the neighborhood a eickler   a kemper   d kossmann  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1997.0 
improving query optimization for disjunctive datalog c cumbo   w faber   g greco    
database conference calendar kg jeffrey acm sigmod record     1993.0 
stochastic optimal control and its connection with estimation r gessing   
on biorthogonal-like sequences for generalized discrete gabor expansion of discrete-time signals jm morris   y lu submitted for    
uzrã ¡ l ä?as pro terminologickã 1/2 slovnãk i   m rå ® å 1/2 iä?ka   
a framework for relocation in mobile process-centered software development environments s bhattacharyya   lj osterweil   
digital binaural/stereo conversion and crosstalk canceling k kotorynski  proceedings of  
who qualifies for financial aid ? . new directions for higher education   km deitch  1982.0 
challenges of the introductory course . new directions for teaching and learning   1984.0 re dunham   m gleason   
the three-level zvs pwm converter -- a new concept in high-voltage dc-to-dc conversion 1992.0 jr pinheiro   i barbi iecon-proceedings -    
similarity searching in large image database   university of maryland at college park   college park egm petrakis   c faloutsos md      
the mediator for stringent control   ppgpp   binds to the beta-subunit of escherichia coli rna genes to cells   d chatterji   n fujita   a ishihama  1998.0 
are quorums an alternative for data replication ? 2003.0 r jimenez-peris   m patino-martinez   g alonso   b acm transactions on database systems    
an experimental and theoretical study of high repetition rate q-switched nd : yag lasers rb chesler   ma karr   je geusic proc . ieee      
de novo malignancy following liver transplantation : a single-center study m levy   l backman   b husberg   r goldstein transplantation proceedings     1993.0 
an efficient submesh allocation strategy for mesh computer systems pj chuang   nf tzeng   
beyond the shoe box : foundations for flexibly organizing photographs on a computer submitted for publication   2003.0 kd grant   a graham   t nguyen   a paepcke   t   
internet teaching resources for japan . pull-out 3 . rg helms   c finegan-stoll 1998.0  social studies and the young learner    
bear management in yellowstone national park   1960â ?? 93 ka gunther international conference on bear research and management    
inter-particle percolation . part 1 : demonstration of the phenomenon and equipment development am scott & hellip ; percolation . part 1 : demonstration of the phenomenon and & hellip ;     1974.0 
smooth is better than sharp : a random mobility model for simulation of wireless networks c bettstetter 2001.0  proceedings of the 4th acm international workshop on & hellip ;    
an evaluation of physical disk i/os for complex object processing   departement informatik wb teeuw   c rich   mh scholl   hm blanken eth zurich   technical report 183   zurich   switzerland   september  
special section : controlled experiments in software engineering c wohlin   m hoest information & software technology   2001.0 
tape tracking and handling for magnetic tape recorders ( aboard spacecraft ) 1975.0 w paroby   r disilvestre & hellip ; telemetering conference   washington   d. c   proceedings    
a logic programming approach to the integration   repairing and querying of inconsistent databases lecture notes in computer science   g greco   s greco   e zumpano  2001.0 
interactive query and search in semistructured databases r goldman   j widom lecture notes in computer science     1999.0 
birmingham-southern college . new directions for higher education   nr berte   k shackleford  1986.0 
revising the institutional mission ca dominick new directions for higher education     1990.0 
ya . i. isakov   vp kalinin   and n. ya . usachev kinetika i kataliz   km minachev   
rainbow turan problems p keevash   d mubayi   b sudakov   j verstraete    
aiga san diego y design conference k mccoy san diego      
episodic lake acidification   weathering and evaporation in seasonally snow covered catchments in the a leydecker  & hellip ; and marine biology   university of california   santa barbara    
md   who evaluated petitioner for the dm exh . 81   â ¶ 35   p. 16 . [ 702-703 ] 157 pra markman    
a polarized 3 he gas compression system using metastability-exchange optical pumping ds hussey   dr rich   as belov   x tong   h yang   c    
corba and object services j kleindienst   f plasil   p tuma proceedings of the 23rd seminar on current trends in theory & hellip ;   1996.0 
semigroups of operators and applications to ja goldstein   
advanced windows r jeffrey   1994.0 
implementing set-oriented production rules as an extension to starburst . 1991 . in proc . 17th intl j widom   rj cochrane   bg lindsay conference on very large    
the bendix/bell mls signal-in-space ( microwave landing system with air-derived sample data and rj kelly national aerospace meeting   washington   d. c   proceedings   1973.0    
streaming multimedia for the internet a grace   j cox   r jacobs   g morrison bt technology journal   2000.0 
the box : an oral history of television   1920-1961 j kisseloff 1997.0    
composing web services on the semantic web the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 b medjahed   a bouguettaya   ak elmagarmid   
core affect   prototypical emotional episodes   and other things called emotion : dissecting the 1999.0 ja russell   l feldman barrett journal of personality and social psychology    
enzyme nomenclature ( recommendations of the nomenclature committee of the international union of ec webb  academic   san diego    
computation of global estimation variance in mineral deposits jk yamamoto  proc . 29th intern . symp . computer applications in the & hellip ;    
concerning a quantum mechanic maser model m hasler & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule   zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ;     1973.0 
microsoft meltdown uk presentation : â ?? directx shader managementâ ?? c peeper microsoft corporation      
j. non-crystalline solids   1   1 ; 1969 nf mott phil . mag    
metskerâ ?? s atlas of pierce county c metsker metsker map company . seattle   washington    
optimal and adaptive testing for software reliability assessment ky cai   yc li   k liu information and software technology     2004.0 
a. humus origin   chemical composition   and importance in nature ; williams and wikins : baltimore s waksman md      
variable width splines : a possible font representation ? rv klassen   
essays on theoretical and applied econometrics sm sherlund 2003.0    
automatic detection of ã?goalã ? segments in basketball videos s nepal   u srinivasan   g reynolds  proc . acm multimedia  
globally optimising formant tracker using generalised centroids a crowe   ma jack electronic letters    
comparative tolerance of adolescents of differing ethnic backgrounds to lactose containing and ph kwon   m rorick   ns scrimshaw unpublished    
incremental computation of nested relational query expressions l baekgaard   l mark acm transactions on database systems     1995.0 
asymmetric fingerprinting for larger collusions   in â ?? 4th acm conference on computer and zurich   switzerland   b pfitzmann   m waidner   
robbers   marshals   and guards : game theoretic and logical characterizations of hypertree width g gottlob   n leone   f scarcello    
chemtracts-org . chem.   1989   2   151 acc . chem . res   k mislow   
syncope as an emergency department presentation of pulmonary embolism-current evaluation and journal of emergency medicine   1998.0 tr wolfe   tl allen   
xylem structure and the ascent of sap mh zimmermann  1983.0 
leadership training . bl kaye   am scheele new directions for higher education   1975.0 
homotopy equivalences of 3-manifolds with boundaries k johannson 1979.0    
parallel optical links move data at 3 gbits/s d bursky electronic    
s. abiteboul . and h. garcia-hlolina . object fusion in mediator systems y papakonstantinou proceedings of the end internationul conference on l ã ¨ ry  
homing of black bears in the great smoky mountains national park le beeman   mr pelton international conference on bear research and management    
developing community through experiential education s rubin 2000.0  new directions for higher education    
a change in the density of [ ( 3 ) h ] flumazenil   but not [ ( 3 ) h ] muscimol binding brodmann &#39; s area   b dean   g pavey   m mcleod   k opeskin   n keks   d   
rec . 16th ieee photovoltaic specialists conf san diego   a rothwarf   
falling forward : real options reasoning and entrepreneurial failure the academy of management review   rg mcgrath  1999.0 
multiple access protocols : performance and analysis r rom   m sidi   1990.0 
why involve commuter students in learning ? 2000.0 b jacoby new directions for higher education    
avoiding non-termination in unification grammars procs . 4th int . workshop on natural language understanding c samuelss   
the processing strategy for the nf 2 relational frc-interface 1996.0 t niemi   k jã $ rvelin information & software technology    
strengthening institutional leadership . b munitz new directions for higher education   1978.0    
query rewriting for semistructured data v vassalos   1999.0 
a computation model with data-sequenced control da adams technical report cgtm 45   stanford university   may  
exec : personnel lack stunts graphics growth . j kirchner computerworld.   1981.0 
tips for teams k melymuka computerworld      
defining and describing the paradigm issue in mixed-method evaluation jc greene   vj caracelli  new directions for program evaluation   1997.0 
a replicable web-based negotiation server for e-commerce syw su   c huang   j hammer   
a class of data structures for associative searching proceedings of the 3rd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1984.0 ja orenstein   th merrett   
sustainable development and geographical equity annual conference of the association of american geographers & hellip ;   g haughton   c hunter   
l. seiler the volume pro real-time raycasting system h pfister   j hardenbergh   j knittel   h lauer proceedings of acm siggraphâ ?? 99      
image clustering with tensor representation proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 x he   d cai   h liu   j han   
the application of program slicing to regression testing information and software technology   1998.0 d binkley   
gis based oil spill response atlas td gilbert & hellip ; australian marine and coastal data management conference & hellip ;    
une procedure dâ ?? apprentissage pour reseau a seauil assymetrique ( a learning procedure for y lecun  proceedings of cognitiva    
developing educational software components m koutlis   j roschelle   a reppening  ieee computer    
optimal dynamic allocation in cellular systems submitted for publication   s jordan   a khan   
early renal function loss after lung transplantatin : analysis of peri-opertive risk factors j broekroelofs   bg loef   ca stegeman   gj navis   ah   
time modeling in office information systems f barbic   b pernici acm sigmod record     1985.0 
dynamic contact problems with slip-dependent friction in viscoelasticity ir ionescu   ql nguyen   
basische und ultrabasische gesteine des adamello unpublished phd thesis   eth   zurich   switzerland   p ulmer   
cm-hysplit : a software capability for response in nuclear emergencies c housiadas   
workflow mining : discovering process models from event logs w van der aalst   t weijters   l maruster ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
acute carpal tunnel syndrome from thrombosed persistent median artery-case report journal of emergency medicine   1999.0 c balakrishnan   mf smith   p puri   
cervical radiography in the emergency department : who   when   how extensive ? journal of emergency medicine   rh daffner  1993.0 
institutional resistance to renewal . jw fuller new directions for higher education   1985.0 
nissan in the north-east : the multiplier effectsâ ? geography   f peck   
new bugs crawl out of the woodwork l didio computerworld    
preconditioning second kind boundary integral equations for 3-d eddy current problems ( unpublished ) g schmidlin   c schwabâ ? ¦  technical report   eth zurich   zurich   switzerland    
fostering an internet-based learning network for community health through action research f lau    
methods for estimating the computational power and generalization capability of neural microcircuits submitted for publication   w maass   ra legenstein   n bertschinger  2004.0 
on the evaluation strategy of educe j bocca  proceedings of the 1986 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1986.0 
latex allergy : policy   procedure   and latex-safe box l warner journal of emergency nursing   1997.0    
the multimedia object presentation manager of minos : a symmetric approach   f ho    
implementing and maintaining a classroom research program for faculty . ne stetson new directions for teaching and learning     1991.0 
1991 new directions for uncertainty reasoning in deductive databases u guntzer   w kiesling   h thone  proc . 1991 acm  
context-sensitive models in inductive logic programming a srinivasan machine learning    
atm transfer capabilities : a critical review f guillemin    
evaluating the benefits of cache-affinity scheduling in shared-memory multiprsors j torrellas   a tucker   a oupta technical report   stanford university   july  
a convergent coupling strategy for the formation of polycyclic ethers : stereoselective synthesis of mt crimmins   pj mcdougall   ka emmitte acc . chem . res   2005.0    
histochemical analysis of rat testicular glycoconjugates . 1 . subsets of n-linked saccharides in cjp jones   ca morrison   rw stoddart the histochemical journal     1992.0 
md   and jl goldstein ms brown md    
md thesis university of zurich   zurich   switzerland   r llano   
ionosphere effect and modeling for regional area differential gps network y gao   z li proceedings of ion gps     1998.0 
john zahorjan the challenges of mobile computing gh forman ieee computer      
microtheme strategies for developing cognitive skills jc bean   d drenk   fd lee new directions for teaching and learning : teaching writing & hellip ;      
study on a fast profiling task of a robot with force control using feedforward of predicted contact k takahashi   s aoyagi   m takano procs . of the 4th japan-france congress & 2nd asia-europe & hellip ;    
anyone who would like to review resources for r hebden    
the thermal conductivity of ice : new data on the temperature coefficient phil . mag   eh ratcliffe   
the supported work evaluation : final benefit-cost analysis p kemper   da long   cvd thornton   rg hollister   1981.0 
children should be seen and not heard : the production and transgression of adults ' public space g valentine 1996.0  urban geography    
gestural action units slip in speech production errors l goldstein   m pouplier   l chen   e saltzman   d   
the skin of fishes including cyclostomes : epidermis m whitear  biology of the integument   1986.0 
the collected writings ( cw . ) of maynard keynes vols . i   jm keynes   
w. mackrell and r. bunt   mobile multicast ( mom ) protocol : multicast support for mobile hosts t harrison   c williamson proc . of acm mobicomâ ?? 97      
mri atlas of the human cerebellum academic press san diego   j schmahmann   j doyon   aw toga   m petrides   ac   
illiberal education : the politics of race and sex on campus 1991   1991.0 
application of 3 d-preconditioning for the prediction of helicopter fuselage drag considering hf von geyr   n kroll  european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.   1999.0 
unveiling some of the mystery of professional judgment in classroom assessment new directions for teaching and learning   bw speck  1998.0 
generalised prioritisation : a new way of combining similarity metrics a ferguson   d bridge   
a guide to the identification and natural history of the sparrows of the united states and canada : jd rising  san diego   california    
the new frontier of technology transfer . ga erickson   dr baldwin new directions for higher education   1988.0    
on the use of bayesian belief networks for the prediction of software productivity i stamelos   l angelis   p dimou   e sakellaris 2003.0  information & software technology    
the neighborhood jobs initiative : an early report on the vision and challenges of bringing an f molina   lc nelson 2001.0    
improving inferences from multiple methods new directions for program evaluation   1987.0 rl shotland   mm mark   
the indiana center for database systems at purdue university m ouzzani   s prabhakar   js vitter   x zhang   wg acm sigmod record   2005.0    
transport analysis results of the ion bernstein wave experiment on the ftu tokamak r cesarioâ ? ¦  proc . 28th eps conference on controlled fusion and plasma & hellip ;    
real-time content analysis and adaptive transmission of lecture videos for mobile applications proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   t liu   c choudary  2004.0 
low-energy electron-collision cross-section data . part i. ionization   dissociation   vibrational at . data   lj kieffer  1969.0 
international union of crystalography congress v pichon-pesme   h lachekar   c lecomte  seattle   washington   usa    
multiphase flow and fluidization academic press san diego   usa   d gidaspow   
data structures for an integrated data base management and information retrieval system vldb   hj schek   p pistor  1982.0 
early stage microarchitectural design for lifetime reliability submitted for j srinivasan   sv adve   p bose   ja rivers   
strategic directions in database systems { breaking out of the box . acm computing surveys   28 ( 4 ) : 1996.0 a silberschatz   s zdonik   je blakeley   p buneman     
findingcandidatekeysforrelational data bases fj fadousr & hellip ; - sigmod international conference on management of data   san & hellip ;      
html & xml for beginners m morrison 2001.0    
optimization and evaluation of database queries including embedded interpolation procedures l neugebauer   
information security management : global challenges in the new millennium 2001.0 gs dhillon   
strategic directions in database systems-breaking out of the box . acm comput . surv.   acms anthology  1996.0 
the dynamics of belief in the transferable belief model f klawonn   p smets procs . of the 8th conf . on uncertainty in ai . morgan & hellip ;      
fractalsforsecondarykeyretrieval cfs roseman proc . acm sigmod conf . on management of data    
comparison of operative versus non-operative treatment of functional lambdoid synostosis m levy   jg mccomb   k wells   w gans   c raffel   g  proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the joint section & hellip ;    
translocation of nuisance grizzly bears in northwestern montana sj riley   k aune   rd mace   mj madel  international conference on bear research and management    
database connection and the internet j lam pc magazine      
chs . 1 & 7 in escape deliverable 3.1 lancaster university j mariani 1998.0    
generating test sequences from a set of mscs computer networks   nh lee   sd cha  2003.0 
kinetische untersuchungen der dehydrierung von methylcyclohexan zu toluol im mikropulsreaktor   t rimensberger ph. d. thesis no. 8278   eth-zurich   switzerland   1987 .    
78 /   '' a software engineering view of data base systems h weber  proc . 4th int . conf   on vldb   berlin    
public opinion channel : a network-based interactive broadcasting system for supporting a knowledge - internet-based intelligent information processing systems   t fukuhara   n fujihara   s azechi   h kubota   t   
thermally activated mobile ejector refrigeration system analysis m salim proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2004.0 
a spiral model of software development and maintenance ieee computer   bw boehm   
revising hull and box consistency . in de schreye f benhamou   f goualard   l granvilliers   jf puget  d. ( ed . ) : proceedings of iclpâ ?? 99   international conference on  
the design of a doctorate in business administration based on the expressed needs of business 1978.0 i trotsky   
modeling and simulation in reactive systems m boasson proceedings of the 4th international workshop on parallel & hellip ;     1996.0 
conductivity images of biological tissue phantoms using a 3.0 tesla mreit system ej woo   sy lee   jk seo   o kwon   sh oh   bi lee    
report on ngits ' 99 : the 4th international workshop on next generation information technologies and acms anthology  sigmod record   1999.0 
early instruction by the college : johns hopkins ' center for talented youth . wg durden new directions for teaching and learning   1985.0    
bottom up evaluation of disjunctive deductive databases j fernandez   j minker  submitted for  
inference of monotonicity constraints in datalog programs aby sagiv  proc . acm sigact-sigart-sigmod symp . on principles of & hellip ;    
rainbow : distributed database system for classroom education and experimental research proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   a helal   h li  2000.0 
pathways to leadership for business-to-business electronic marketplaces tt le electronic markets   2002.0 
variations on a theme : colleague consultant networks . new directions for higher education   r garth   ma rehnke  1991.0 
9511 ridgehaven court ar electronics san diego    
6.852 distributed algorithms lecture notes : the i/o automata . '' n lynch   k goldman technical report   laboratory of computer science   mit   cambridge    
novell web server rl morrison  pc magazine    
probabilistic temporal databases   part i : algebra a dekhtyar   r ross   vs subrahmanian acm transactions on database systems    
experimental population biology in fragmented landscape 2003.0 c perret   
a framework for vacuuming temporal databases   university of maryland at college park   college park md   cs jensen   l mark   
paleocene geography of southern california [ ph. d. dissert . ] og sage jr  santa barbara   university of california    
mobile video-streaming md walker   m nilsson   t jebb   r turnbull bt technology journal     2003.0 
the many faces of consensus in distributed systems j turek   
advancing service-learning at research universities a furco  new directions for higher education   2001.0 
9600-bps modems : breaking the speed barrier   â ?? m byrd  pc magazine   dec    
irrigation management transfer in vietnam mt nguyen   lt ha international conference on irrigation management transfer    
should evaluators be certified ? new directions for program evaluation   aj love   
accommodating students with special needs in the online classroom tj buggey new directions for teaching and learning   2000.0    
groningen molecular simulation ( gromos ) system 1996.0 ph hunenberger   p kruger   ae mark   wrp scott   ig   
results and challenges in web search evaluation d hawking   n craswell   p thistlewaite   d harman www8 / computer networks     1999.0 
competition   capabilities   and the make   buy   or ally decisions of chinese state-owned firms s white 2000.0  academy of management journal    
the synthesizer generator : a system for constructing language-based editors tw reps   t teitelbaum   1988.0 
template-based wrappers in the tsimmis system . acms anthology   p edition    
targeting chemosensitizing doses of toremifene based on protein binding gt wurz   vd emshoff   mw degregorio   vj wiebe cancer chemotherapy and pharmacology   1993.0 
the leadership of a university : reflections . cp magrath new directions for higher education   1988.0 
restructuring a parallel simulation to improve cache behavior in a shared-memory multiprocessor : a international symposium on shared memory multiprocessing   dr cheriton   ha goosen   p machanick   
temporal probabilistic databases   i : algebra a dekhtyar   r ross   vs subrahmanian acm transactions on database systems      
trust building on corporate collaborative project teams 2001.0 vl herzog project management journal    
reassessing validity threats in experiments : focus on construct validity kj conrad   km conrad new directions for program evaluation      
education   attainment and the geography of choice m bradford  geography    
melting layer observations during maypole wr moninger   vn bringi   tr detman   jr jordan   ta & hellip ; on radar meteorology   zurich   switzerland   amer . meteor . soc    
approximation capability of tp model forms d tikk   p baranyi   rj patton   j tar 2004.0  & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems ( & hellip ;    
publicaciã ³ n cientãfica y tã © cnica no. 587 a chile isbn    
a two-degree-of-freedom ambulance stretcher suspension part 1 : system overview jk raine   rj henderson proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   1998.0 
tele-task-teleteaching anywhere solution kit m ch   v schillings  proceedings of acm siguccs    
database performance in the real world - tpc-d and sap r/3 ( experience paper ) j doppelhammer   t hoeppler   a kemper   d kossmann  sigmod conference    
designing instruction for learning in electronic classrooms new directions for teaching and learning   gr morrison   pf guenther  2000.0 
information technology and the remaking of the university library . new directions for higher bp lynchâ ? ¦ new directions for higher education   1995.0 
b.   bouguettaya   a.   ngu   a. hh   and elmagramid   ak   â ?? business-to-business interactions : issues and vldb bb medjahed   
effects of pregnancy on the extrinsic innervation of the guinea pig uterus . a histochemical   p alm   lm lundberg   j wharton   jm polak 1988.0  the histochemical journal    
antifungal therapies for allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis in people with cystic fibrosis h elphick   k southern  cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 
larson and hz yang . computing queries from derived relations p ã ? proceedings of the 11th vldb  
laws governing interactions between railroad roadbeds and permafrost proceedings of 4th international conference on permafrost   1983.0 na peretrukhin   tv potaueva   
mycophenolic acid and brequinar   inhibitors of purine and pyrimidine synthesis   block the ac allison   wj kowalski   cj muller   rv watersâ ? ¦   
endoscopic submucosal dissection for early gastric cancer using flex knife y naohisa & hellip ; international endoscopy conference with live demonstration & hellip ;    
on the varietiesof languages associatedwith some varieties of finite monoids with commuting cj ash   te hall   je pin   
use of electromagnetic flowmeters for the study of splanchnic blood flow ga charbon   f van der mark see ref      
jeffrey . f. naughton . \ \ a stochastic approach for clustering in object bases mm tsangaris proc . of sigmod conference on management of  
more on tractable disjunctive datalog journal of logic programming   r ben-eliyahu-zohary   l palopoli   v zemlyanker   
acm portal google   inc. a gupta   o shmueli   j widom proceedings of the 24rd international conference on very & hellip ;   1998.0 
uk core transmission network for the new millennium i hawker   g hill   i taylor bt technology journal   2000.0 
evaluation of a mobile coronary care unit protocol in patients with acute onset chest pain . g bertini   c rostagno   t taddei   s lazzerini   a journal of emergency medicine   1991.0 
incremental maintenance for materialized views over semistructured data vldb   1998.0 s abiteboul   j mchugh   m rys   v vassalos   jl   
making inconsistency respectable : part 2 - meta-level handling of inconsistency lecture notes in computer science   d gabbay   a hunter  1993.0 
guest editorsâ ?? introduction : special section on peer-to-peer-based data management ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 ef bertino   ac squicciarini   
computer music composition : the polyphonic pod system b truax ieee computer    
pixelflow : high-speed rendering using image composition s molnar   j eyles    
lichtemissionsrauschen und dynamisches verhalten von gaalas-heterosctruktur-diodenlasern im h jackel dissertation eth zurich no. 6447   zurich   switzerland    
systematics of orobanche section myzorrhiza ( orobanchaceae ) with emphasis on orobanche ludoviciana lt collins  1973.0 
standard c pj plauger   j brodie  1989.0 
guest editorsâ ?? introduction to the special section on scientific workflows b ludascher   c goble sigmod record   2005.0 
query processing in distributed mediated systems s adali   ks candan   y papakonstantinou   vs  proc . 1996 acm sigmod conf.   montreal   canada   june    
test cases generation from uml state diagramsâ ?? software iee procsâ ?? page ( s )   yg kim   hs hong   dh bae   sd cha   
benini . l. ( 1999 ) . â ?? virtual simulation of distributed ip-based designsâ ?? . dacâ ?? 99â ?? design m dalpasso   a bogliolo  proceedings   acm press    
3 . von zur gathen and 3 . hopcroft   '' fast parallel matrix and gcd computations proceedings of the 23rd stoc   ab bgh   
134th meeting of asa s sato   y ando san diego    
program understanding needs during corrective maintenance of large-scale software a von mayrhauser   a vans    
dataguides enabling query formulationandoptimizationinsemistructureddatabases proc . vldb conf   r goldman   j widom   
an experimental vm/370 based information system vldb   jj donovan   r fessel   sg greenberg   lm gutentag   
describing and using query capabilities of heterogeneous sources ( extended version ) . available v vassalos   y papakonstantinou  stanford . edu/pub/papers /   le query-cap-ext .  
proposal for an xml data modification language m rys microsoft report    
on arbitrariness in protocol conformance test generation   university of maryland at college park   d sidhu   r vallurupalli md      
a theory of time & amp-based concurrency control for nested transactions ja pi   a fekete   n lynch   m merritt   w w & l proceedings of 14th international conference on very large & hellip ;    
s-plus version 6.0 . 1 release 1   for linux 2.2 . 12 i insightful seattle   washington      
on the transition from deflagration to detonation . major topics in combustion je shepherd   jhs lee   1992.0 
practical fine-grain slicing of optimized code m ernst technical report msr-tr-94-14   microsoft research   redmond   wa    
the negative life events questionnaire : reliability and validity unpublished manuscript   ll saxe   ly abramson   
geology of the frazier park-cuddy valley area em duebendorfer california [ m s. thesisi : santa barbara   california   & hellip ;      
wear and friction characteristics of pvd-coated roller bearings icmctf san diego   pw gold   j loos   m kuhn   
l.   jordan   mj   printezis   t.   and spence   s. 1996 . an orthogonally persistent java mp atkinson   es dayn sigmod  
cerius   9658 scranton road m simulation san diego      
synthesis of 3 0-c-and 4 0-c-branched oligodeoxynucleotides and the development of lna ( locked j wengel  acc chem res    
recursive strategies for answering recursive queries - the rqa/fqi strategy w nejdl  vldb   1987.0 
wildlife feeding and nutrition . 2nd ed : academic press san diego   california   ct robbins   
who moves the market ? a study of stock prices and investment cashflows unpublished manuscript   2002.0 b boyer   l zheng   
infopipes : a flexible framework for m-commerce applications g gottlob   m herzog proc . of tes workshop at vldb    
fax-web : accessing www using the fax machine cm huang   my jang   th hsu information and software technology     1999.0 
the rhetoric of sustainable development proceedings of international conference on management of & hellip ;   k chaharbaghi   
constraints on null values in relational databases vldb   1981.0 bs goldstein   
modern electronic structure theory å 1/2 ed  part i    
flowers of crete 1985.0 y iatridis   
how to implement an employment-focused approach to welfare reform a brown  work first how-to guide   manpower research demonstration & hellip ;    
describing and using query capabilities of heterogeneous sources ( extended version ) v vassalos   y papakonstantinou 1997.0    
a robotic inspector for low-level radioactive waste js byrd   ro pettus 2 . conference and exposition/demonstration on robotics for & hellip ;     1996.0 
guaranteed qos synthesisâ ?? an example of a scalable core ip quality of service solution p hovell   r briscoe   g corliano  bt technology journal   2005.0 
the effects of streamwise concave curvature on turbulent boundary layer structure ah jeans   jp johnston  interim technical report massachusetts inst . of tech.   & hellip ;   1982.0 
programming components with microsoft visual basic 6.0 1998.0 g eddon   h eddon   
spiteful bidding in sealed-bid auctions f brandt   t sandholm   y shoham    
structural evolution of a slow-spreading ridge g hirth   b ildefonse   be john   pw trimby   a  submitted for publication    
an overview of the real-time corba specification dc schmidt   f kuhns   
contemporary transportation macmillan publishing company jc johnson   df wood new york    
the power of sampling in knowledge discovery j kivinen   h mannila    
training needs assessment of the copper engineering group at adc j wachter  2001.0 
optimizing relational queries in connection hypergraphs : nested queries   views   and binding jl han 1998.0  the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;    
stripes : an efficient index for predicted trajectories jm patel   y chen   vp chakka proc . acm sigmod     2004.0 
picture quality improvement in mpeg-4 video coding using simple adaptive filter kk kwon   ds lim proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
a framework for categorizing and computing geographical locality for web resources c wang   x xie   z hua   l wang   y lu   wy ma    
_ _ basem a. nay & h   monica s. lam ; and kunlc oh & o : tun . software and hardware for exploiting technical report csl-tr-97-715   stanford university computer j opiinger   d heine   sw liao   
jorwerd : the death of the village in late twentieth-century europe . ( 288 p ) g mak   2001.0 
higher education as a field of study : its origins   programs   and purposes   1893-1960 1991.0 lf goodchild new directions in higher education    
into the woods : visual surveillance of noncooperative and camouflaged targets in complex outdoor te boult   rj michaels   x gao   m eckmann proceedings-ieee     2001.0 
implementing classroom research in a state university : a developmental process . e berry new directions for teaching and learning   1991.0 
should computer scientists experiment more ? wf tichy ieee computer   1998.0 
processing temporal queries in the context of object-oriented databases l wang   m wing   c davis   n revell 1999.0  information and software technology    
9685 scranton road san diego   i accelrys   
embedded local search and variable neighborhood search heuristics applied to the travelling salesman unpublished manuscript   ek burke   pi cowling   r keuthen   
with accumulator 2 t accumulator    
the last question on recursively enumerable many-one degrees algebra i logika   a nies   
rsim : simulating shared-memory multiprocessors with ilp processors cj hughes   vs pai    
the moderatorâ ?? mediator variable distinctioninsocialpsychologicalresearch : conceptual   strategic   journal of personality and social psychology   1986.0 rm baron   da kenny   
the birds of san diego county : san diego society of natural history p unitt  san diego   ca    
query optimization for semistructured data j mchugh   j widom proc . vldb   1999.0    
a fatal incuriosity m dowd  ny times   new york   ny   usa . september    
isis : interface for a semantic information system kj goldman   sa goldman   pc kanellakis   sb zdonik 1985.0  proceedings of the 1985 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
rainbow smelt ( osmerus mordax ) spawning habitat in the weymouth-fore river massachusetts division of marine fisheries technical report & hellip ;   bc chase   ar childs   
existential interpretation ys gurevich algebra i logika    
efficient 3d computation of electrostatic fields and forces in microsystems   eth zurich m bã $ chtold isbn 3-907574-17-6   zurich   switzerland      
opportunity buys loyalty computerworld   j wexler   
optimization ofqueries with user-defined predicates proc . ofthe conf . on very large data bases s chaudhuri   k shim   
â ?? note on x-rays and scattered x-rays cg barkla phil . mag    
frazzled ? letâ ?? s party k melymuka  computerworld    
ahmed k. elmagarmid composing web services on the semantic web b medjahed   a bouguettaya the vldb journal  
unsupervised content discovery in composite audio proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   r cai   l lu   a hanjalic  2005.0 
bankrupt firm blames sap for failure computerworld   t diederich   
comparison of several instruments and their outcome measures including a novel upper limb-activity fc schasfoort   jbj bussmann   hj stam   
meeting the needs of diverse learners in the social studies classroom through collaborative methods e negron   lp ricklin 1996.0  social studies and the young learner    
faculty goals and methods of instruction : approaches to classroom assessment . ds guthrie  new directions for higher education   1992.0 
psychodrama : discovering new meaning in personal drama . wd pearlman new directions for adult and continuing education   1990.0 
automatic presentation of multimedia documents using relational grammars l weitzman   k wittenburg   
template-based wrappers in the tsimmis experience j hammer   h garcia-molina   s nestorov   r yerneni    proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
xenopus embryonic poly ( a ) binding protein 2 ( epabp2 ) defines a new family of cytoplasmic poly ( a ) pj good   l abler   d herring   md sheets   
the design of the c++ booch components g booch acm sigplan notices     1990.0 
a semantic model for flash retrieval using co-occurrence analysis d ding   q li   b feng   l wenyin   
the social side of creativity : a static and dynamic social network perspective academy of management review   2003.0 je perry-smith   ce shalley   
optimization of sequence queries in database systems r sadri   c zaniolo   a zarkesh   j adibi    
a generational mostly-concurrent garbage collector d detlefs   t printezis   
surgery for the resolution of symptoms in malignant bowel obstruction in advanced gynaecological and cochrane database syst rev   dj feuer   ke broadley   jh shepherd   dp barton  2000.0 
successful intubation with the combitube [ r ] in acute asthmatic respiratory distress by a parkmedic journal of emergency medicine   d liao   m shalit  1996.0 
an assessment of the performance of diffuser augmented wind turbines ( dawt 's ) procs . 3 rd asme/jsme joint fluids engineering conference   gjw van bussel   
agents as mediators in electronic commerce rh guttman   ag moukas   p maes   
a sound and complete query evaluation algorithm for relational databases with disjunctive ly yuan   da chiang proc . eighth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symp . principles of & hellip ;   1989.0    
a 2 x 2 achievement goal framework aj elliot   ha mcgregor 2001.0  journal of personality and social psychology    
iuiâ ?? 05 a nguyen   w woncke san diego      
environmental management issues and challenges in the next millennium in malaysia s sham    
mosfets break out of the shackles of wirebonding p mannion electronic design    
object fusion in mediator systems ( extended version ) y papakonstantinou   h garcia-molina   
early childhood education bs university of wisconsin   pb chesler   
influence of social motives on integrative negotiation : a meta-analytic review and test of two 2000.0 ck de dreu   lr weingart   s kwon journal of personality and social psychology    
consumerism   consumption   and a critical consumer education for adults new directions for adult and continuing education   ja sandlin  2004.0 
acute and chronic effect of insulin on leptin production in humans : studies in vivo and in vitro jw kolaczynski   mr nyce   rv considine   g boden   jj  diabetes-new  
the new private city : recreating civil society at the millennium association of american geographers &#39; conference   hawaii   & hellip ;   a kirby   
improving object-oriented analysis g eckertâ ? ¦  1994.0 
a common instructor operator station framework : enhanced usability and instructional capabilities mm walwanis nelson   jm owens   dg smith   ml & hellip ; rom ]   proceedings of the 25 thinterservice/industry training  
testing and reporting on graduates : the new jersey basic skills assessment program . new directions for teaching and learning   ad lutkus  1985.0 
h.   and dolphin   d. ( 1976 ) r abeles acc . chem .  
for the pierre auger collaboration r clayâ ? ¦ proc . 28th icrc   ( tsukuba   japan   2003 )  
equation of state and structural changes in diaminodinitroethylene from experimental studies and ab m suhithi   p chak   m maijaâ ? ¦ san diego   california    
the university presidency today : a word for the incumbents . s muller new directions for higher education   1988.0    
mobile agents : ten reasons for failure ( panel ) g vigna & hellip ; conference on mobile data management ( mdmâ ?? 04 )   berkeley ( & hellip ;    
fusion amont en detection de sources ponctuelles a ayoun  proceedings des journees thematiques en fusion dâ ??  
an early implementation of a davic v1 . 0 systemâ ?? use of dynamic connections for interactive pw reece   rd macey   ri miles   ri galbraith bt technology journal   1998.0 
weighted hypertree decompositions and optimal query plans f scarcello   g greco   n leone   
kay : e865 monte-carlo s pislak zurich   switzerland      
probabilistic temporal databases   i a dekhtyar   r ross   vs subrahmanian acm transactions on database systems    
jp airline-fleets international 98/99 32 ndedition and 99/2000 u klee   
persistent acute otitis media : i. causative pathogens . journal of emergency medicine   1995.0 m pichichero   c pichichero   
needs assessment : concept and practice m scriven   j roth new directions for program evaluation    
tradeoffs in processing complex join queries via hashing in multi-processor database machines ds sd901   d dewitt proc . of the intl. vldb conference   melbourne   australia      
measurement of lateral strains of sand with lateral ldts in triaxial tests t sato   y kamegai   msa siddiquee   e hoque   y proc . 29th japan nat . conf . soil mech . found . engng   morioka    
rigor   but not rigor mortis   in depression research pc kendall   ec flannery-schroeder  journal of personality and social psychology   1995.0 
synchronization models for multimedia presentation with user interaction b prabhakaran   sv raghavan proceedings of acm multimediaâ ?? 93    
a combined hplc-elisa evaluation of fk 506 in transplant patients mc friob   a hassoun   d latinne   g lhoã `` st   jb otte transplant proc   1991.0    
integrating information   applications and services on the web jc lavariega   lg gã ³ mez-martã nez   
the effect of therapeutic touch on disruptive behaviors of individuals with dementia of the seattle : university of washington   dl woods   
the ciliary epithelium and aqueous humor j caprioli see ref    
economic development and consortia a watson   l jordan new directions for higher education   1999.0    
seasonal nutrition of black bears in the great smoky mountains national park tc eagle   mr pelton  international conference on bear research and management    
issues in developing real-time multimedia applications for a multiprocessor system pa subrahmanyam   a sharma 1996.0  proceedings of the 4th international workshop on parallel & hellip ;    
an active memory as a model for information fusion s wrede   m hanheide   c bauckhage   g sagerer   
hiding in the crowd : can mortality salience promote affiliation with others who oppose one 's journal of personality and social psychology   a wisman   sl koole  2003.0 
the cognitive functions of linguistic categories in describing persons : social cognition and 1988.0 gr semin   k fiedler journal of personality and social psychology    
the support of the available bit rate bearer capability using virtual source/destination concepts jl adams   aj smith  bt technology journal   1995.0 
for the pierre auger collaboration p ghia proc . 28th icrc   ( tsukuba   japan   2003 )    
ndfloating voters in us presidential elections   1948-2000 j zaller unpublished    
chapter 17 : reputation . peer-to-peer : harnessing the power of disruptive technologies ed . andy oram r lethin oâ ?? reilly and associates    
job characteristics of a production parallel scientific workload on the nasa ames ipsc/860 1995.0 dg feitelson   b nitzberg lecture notes in computer science    
smallman   and westmacott pb hirsch   j silcox phil . mag      
the totem process group membership and interface ca lingley-papadopoulos  1994.0 
mp and morris on   r. 1995 . orthogonally persistent systems on atkins the vldb    
automobile air bag-mediated injury : a case presentation 1995.0 sa weinman journal of emergency nursing    
structural properties for two classes of combined generators submitted for publication   pl ` ecuyer   s tezuka   
modeling and testing of dynamic aspects of web applications y wu   j offutt   x du submitted for publication     2004.0 
architectural issues of transaction management in layered systems proceedings of the tenth international conference on vldb   g weikum   hj schek   
incremental computation and maintenance of temporal aggregates j yang   j widom the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2003.0 
an approach to monitoring and assertion-checking of real-time specifications m brockmeyer   f jahanian   c heitmeyer   b labaw proceedings of the 4th international workshop on parallel & hellip ;     1996.0 
studies on superconducting bi 2 sr 2 ca ( n-1 ) cu ( n ) o ( 4 + 2 n ) compounds with fe-57 and eu-151 j linden   j hietaniemi   t karlemo   m karppinen   t 1991.0  oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;    
schwefelhexafluorid als tracer zum studium von mischungsprozessen in seen j schlatter ph. d. dissertation 9596   eth zurich   switzerland      
composing workflows of semantic web services m laukkanen   h helin    
spinal cord ischemia after cardiac arrest h imaizumi   y ujike   y asai   m kaneko journal of emergency medicine   1994.0 
interaction between gypsum and csh phase formed in c 3 s hydration i odler see  
on the best constant in a sobolev inequality on compact 2-manifolds and application unpublished manuscript   w ding   
in-memorydata management for consumer transactions the times-ten approach proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on t times-ten team   
probabilistic object bases acm transactions on database systems   2001.0 t eiter   jj lu   t lukasiewicz   vs subrahmanian   
classics in cytology viii : early cerebrospinal fluid cytology : dufourâ ?? s original report of d grzybicki   j assouline   ah wille   mb cohen   
analogical modes of reasoning and process modeling bv funt ieee computer      
a tool to schedule parallel applications on multiprocessors : the nanos cpu manager lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 x martorell   j corbalan   ds nikolopoulos   n   
auto-summarization of audio-visual presentation l he   e sanoki   a gupta   j grudin proceedings of acm multimedia      
fundamentals of ... incident illumination photomicrography . part 2 : dark field and oblique techniques ar williams 1978.0  j audiov media med    
sna primer for programmers : part i. dm baer   j sturch 1983.0  computerworld.    
on the monotonic fragment of extended logic programs pa bonatti   
mobile web services p farley   m capp bt technology journal     2005.0 
performance driven migration an optimization of a common molecular dynamics code ( charmm ) on e perathoner diploma thesis   eth zurich   switzerland      
pilot development of a consumer constructed questionnaire to evaluate mental health service unpublished manuscript   j law   lg oades   
measurement of the force characteristics of a contactless electromagnetic rotor bearing a traxler   g schweitzer  institute for mechanics   eth zurich   switzerland    
isrn kth/na/p -- 99/14 -- se m rosbacke   t lindeberg   pe roland   1999.0 
weight-by-sonority in cowichan v bianco  ms. university of california   santa barbara    
from transmission to multiplicity : interactive art installations as a site for research proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   k smith  2004.0 
tql : a query language for semistructured data based on the ambient logic l cardelli   g ghelli 2004.0  mathematical structures in computer science    
animating rotations with quaternions k shoemake  proceedings of acm siggraph    
peer-to-peer : harnessing the power of disruptive technologies acm sigmod record   2003.0 ma nascimento   
early regulation of unresponsive flows a rangarajan   1999.0 
tolerance design of electronic r spence   rs soin   
analysis of response bias p shepherd life at    
resource sharing in continuous sliding-window aggregates a arasu   j widom 2004.0  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
dna-miner : a system prototype for mining dna sequences j han   h jamil   y lu   l chen   y liao   j pei proceedings of the 2001 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;     2001.0 
portfolio assessment as a strategy for self-direction in learning new directions for adult and continuing education   je jones  1994.0 
minsal   marzo 2003 g perinatal   
systems integration throughout the early life cycle wm pryke  bt technology journal   1997.0 
using events to build distributed applications j bacon   j bates   r hayton   k moody   
examination of the carbon balance hypothesis of alpine treeline location in glacier national park   dm cairns   gp malanson  physical geography   1997.0 
capabilities   transaction costs and evolution : understanding the institutional structure of mg jacobides   sg winter unpublished manuscript   2003.0    
testing as a dual to learning   university of maryland at college park   college park k romanik md      
lipid peroxidation damage to cell components fed proc   al tappel  1973.0 
to be presented at 9th iaea technical meeting on h-mode physics gw pacher   hd pacher   g janeschitz   as kukushkin    san diego    
tpc-d-the challenges   issues and results sigmod record   1996.0 r bhashyam   
an internet-based negotiation server for e-commerce syw su   c huang   j hammer   y huang   h li   l wang    the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
a layered architecture for describing information system development methodologies p steele   j han    
africentric philosophy : a remedy for eurocentric dominance new directions for adult and continuing education   lm hunn  2004.0 
project 02â ?? 01 february 2003 o resource  2003.0 
a and fourkas jt 2003 r farrrer acc . chem .  
helpmate autonomous mobile navigation system procs . spie conf . mobile s king   c weiman   
the sum-product and max-product algorithms for graph partitions pj cowans   2004.0 
decentralisation and corruption : why are federal states perceived to be more corrupt ? ucla d treisman unpublished manuscript      
fast portable orthogonally persistent javatm a marquez   jn zigman   sm blackburn   
one-versus two-man crew study   general purpose attack aircraft : vol iv . crew performance model the boeing company   seattle   washington   march   nr outcault   j loughlin   w smith   l whitley   
why ta training needs instructional innovation . 1985.0 jdw andrews new directions for teaching and learning    
leadership 2001.0 jk poley new directions for higher education    
nondeterministic polling systems management science   mm srinivasan  1991.0 
effects of alcohol of e ~ 2 - stimulated luteinizing hormone in ovariectomized rhesus monkeys neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   nk mello   jh mendelson   j drieze   m kelly   
management-audit-unternehmenskontext   teams und managerleistung systematisch analysieren.-gabler   k wã 1/4 bbelmann   
ecology and classification of north american freshwater invertebrates : academic press jh thorp   ap covich  san diego   california    
effect of flank or belly-nosing on growth rate of early weaned pigs proc . of the 29th annual meeting of the am . assoc. swine & hellip ;   j borgman   b straw   p bartlett   
panel performance of rf pdp j kang   od kim   wg jeon   jw song   j park   jr lim   proc . int . display workshops      
extemalising abstract mathematical models . la tweedie   r spence   h dawkes   h su proc . acm    
optimizing queries using materialized views j goldstein   pa larson  2001.0 
b. theodoulidis   and u. dayal   \ \ towards an infrastructure for temporal databases   '' n pissinou   r snodgrass   r elmasri   i mumick   t sigmod record    
optimizing queries using materialized views : a practical   scalable solution 2001.0 j goldstein   pa larson sigmod conference    
the ioa language and toolset : support for mathematicsbased distributed programming sj garland   na lynch submitted for  
charity box 1 1994.0 c harris   c kuehn proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;    
simulations of gravity wave induced turbulence using 512 pe cray t3e jm prusa   pk smolarkiewicz   aa wyszogrodzki   
la notion de dã © pense g bataille  å?uvres complã ¨ tes i    
developmental needs as intrinsic incentives . jh lawrence 1985.0  new directions for higher education    
å ¸ ? æ ?? å ? 3/4 ä ¹ ¦ å ?? ä 1/2 ? å ® $ è ¯ ? microsoft office   d shank   m roberts   t myers   
constructive validity d scott  symposium on automatic demonstration    
an e cient   fault-tolerant protocol for replicated data management a el abbadi   d skeen   f cristian  proc . 4th acm sigact-sigmod conf . on principles of database & hellip ;    
gender-related traits and gender ideology : evidence for a multifactorial theory jt spence journal of personality and social psychology   1993.0    
