ded. d. roncagliolo y u. velarde ( 1997 ) interactions and independence in stated preference j ortãºzar proceedings of the 25 theuropean transport  
pain and leg ulceration associated with reduced abpi and atropie blanche d hofman proceedings of the 2 nd meeting on measurements in wound & hellip ; 1998.0 
the family transition program : implementation and interim impacts of floridaâ ?? s initial time - d bloom m farrell jj kemple n verma   
data in your face '' : push technology in perspective ( invited paper ) acm sigmod intl m franklin s zdonik conference on management of data seattle wa june  
lohman . gm r * optimizer validation and performance evaluation for local queries lf mackert proceedings of sigmodâ ?? 86 . washington . may  
unitary representations realized in l 2-sections of vector bundles over semi-simple symmetric spaces t kobayashi proc . of the 27-28th symp . of funct . anal . and real anal . (  
white christmas could become dream . w brandel computerworld. 1989.0 
real-time networking for the implementation of cim lr lin hp huang proc . int . conf . automation  
when gulliver travels : social context psychological closeness and self-appraisals jd brown nj novick ka lord jm richards journal of personality and social psychology  
ariadne : a system for constructing mediators for internet sources ( demonstration ) j ambite n ashish g barish a knoblock s minton proceedings of acm sigmodâ ?? 98 conference on management of & hellip ;  
integration of teaching and research : myth reality and possibility m weimer new directions for teaching and learning 1997.0 
learning plateaus in generalized cognitive condensations : phase transition path dependence and r wallace r fullilove  2001.0 
application servers ( panel session ) : born-again tp monitors for the web c mohan l cable m devin s dietzen p helland d proceedings of the 2001 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2001.0 
imino esters : versatile substrates for the catalytic asymmetric synthesis of r-and î ² - ae taggi am hafez tr lectka amino acids and î ² - lactams . acc . chem . res  
potential interference to gps from uwb transmitters ; phase ii test results : accuracy loss-of-lock m luo m koenig d akos s pullen p enge technical report 3.0 stanford university march  
wireless infrared communications m kahn joseph r barry john proceedings of the ieee  
rethinking risk financing cp helbling g fallegger d hill  1996.0 
implementing the earnings supplement project : a test of a re-employment incentive hs bloomâ ? ¦   
socioeconomic restructuring and regional change : rethinking growth in the european community . a rodriguez-pose economic geography 1994.0 
engineering applications of correlation and spectral analysis js bendat a piersol  1980.0 
martingale estimating functions based on eigenfunctions for discretely observed small diffusions m uchida  2004.0 
australian women in it l von hellens s nielsen communications-acm 2001.0 
database requirements for a software engineering environment : criteria and empirical evaluation s chen jm drake wt tsai information and software technology 1993.0 
building a large and efficient hybrid peer-to-peer internet caching system l xiao x zhang a andrzejak s chen ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering 2004.0 
understanding your chemstation h packard san diego calif  
repeated lumbar or ventricular punctures in newborns with intraventricular hemorrhage a whitelaw cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
a novel design technique for tuneable notch filters gw medlin   
operating systems : an advanced course jn gray lecture notes in computer science  
campus energy management programs . ma pierce new directions for higher education 1992.0 
0 . g. tsatalos sj white and mj zwiiiing . shoring up persistent applications mj carey dj dewitt mj franklin ne hall ml proc . acm sigmod  
the fuel economy potential of heat engine/flywheel hybrid automobiles sm rohde na schilke supplement to procs . 1980 flywheel technology symposium  
cure : an efficient clustering algorithm for large databases g sudipto r rastogi k shim proceedings of acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
state is workers seek greener pastures p thibodeau   
steklo i keramika ia boguslavskiiâ ? ¦ no . i  
oral or topical nasal steroids for hearing loss associated with otitis media with effusion in cc butler jh van der voort cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
principles of peptide synthesis m bodanszky  1993.0 
kinetics of aperiodic cascade boosters with respect to their operating speed and safety vf kolesov vk khoruzhii at .  
the digital doorkeeper ' -- automatic face recognition with the computer . jl nettles aj witsmeer p seitz m bichsel proceedings 25 th annual 1991 ieee international carnahan & hellip ; 1991.0 
data management for asymmetric communication environments s acharya r alonso m franklin s zdonik b disks proc . acm sigmod conf. san jose ca may  
kriber-an interactive pascal program to calculate distances and angles to generate input files for r bialek & hellip ; kristallografie und petrografie eth zurich switzerland (  
classification of the finite dimensional simple lie algebras in prime characteristic aa premet h strade   
mechanical behavior of steam-treated spruce wood under compressive strain pp kã $ renlampi p tynjã $ lã $ p strã ¶ m submitted for  
applying cosine series to join size estimation c luo z jiang wc hou proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
entendendo a lei de responsabilidade fiscal e nascimento i debus unpublished manuscript  
rethinking database system architecture : towards a self-tuning risc-style database system s chaudhuri g weikum vldb 2000.0 
creating an interactive immersive decision environment : linking modelling to visualisation i bishop proceedings of the 23rd annual international conference of & hellip ;  
adiabatic invariants and the theory of quanta p ehrenfest phil . mag  
faecal index techniques for estimating herbage consumption by grazing animals jl corbett proc . int . grassl . cong  
simulating p2p networks mt schlosser sd kamvar technical report stanford university  
the forcing geodetic number of a graph g chartrand p zhang discussiones mathematicae graph theory 1999.0 
a hybrid approach to ner by memm and manual rules m fresko b rosenfeld r feldman proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ; 2005.0 
multimode spectral coding of speech at low bit rates a das  1996.0 
266-275 v. ( 1997 ) . â ?? do n't scrap it wrap it ! a wrapper architecture for legacy data sources.â ?? m tork roth pm schwarz proceedings of the 23rd international conference on very  
low thrust ion propulsion : development activity at profiel tecnologie gf cirri g matticari g noci g perrotta mf ross proceedings of the 23rd international electric propulsion & hellip ;  
personal communication b goyette  1999.0 
set-oriented mining of association rules . research report rj 9567 m houtsma a swami  1993.0 
products of modal logics 1997 d gabbay v shehtman   
meta-tag that page p kruger electronic library  
sil : modeling and measuring scalable peer-to-peer search networks bf cooper h garcia-molina lecture notes in computer science 2004.0 
the energy method stability and nonlinear convection b straughan  1992.0 
a new efficient algorithm for computing grobner basis jc faugere proceedings of mega 1998.0 
case tool construction for a parallel software development methodology jp gray information and software technology 1997.0 
on deviations from parabolic growth kinetics in high temperature oxidation g borchardt g strehl   
challenges for spoken dialog systems jr glass  1999.0 
work initiatives for welfare recipients : lessons from a multi-state experiment jm gueron  1986.0 
on the spectral gap of the m/m/n / n queue c fricker p robert d tibi unpublished manuscript  
analysis of sigmods co-authorship graph m nascimentoâ ? ¦ sigmod record 2003.0 
first lakhtin memorial lecture : international federation for heat treatment and surface engineering t bell zurich switzerland  
general motivational effects of dissonance arousal ms pallak ts pittman journal of personality and social psychology 1972.0 
labour shortage aired at world it congress p thibodeau computerworld  
mohamed zc aã ¯ t. querying shapes of histories rb akkesh agrawal g psaila el wimmers   
in ( 0 . 5 ) 3 ga ( 0 . 47 ) as/inp sam avalanche photodiodes grown by gas source mbe ( abstract only ) g zhang t hakkarainen k tappura k rakennus h oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
electronic replacements for head-per-track drums or disks av pohm ieee computer  
welfare time limits : state policies implementation and effects on families . d bloom m farrell b fink  2002.0 
electricity restructuring : deregulation or reregulation ? s borenstein j bushnell   
marketers report high roi with paid listings d cotriss   
where angels fear to tread and why ra berk new directions for program evaluation 1982.0 
method to estimate parameter values in software prediction models y miyazaki a takanou h nozaki n nakagawa k information and software technology 1991.0 
f. d'ovidio e. gummati and gr seem '' analysis and evaluation of a neural network performing m alderighi expert systems and neuralnetworks zurich switzerland july  
lipschitz maps on trees s todorcevic   
thyroid and adrenal dysfunction in abstinent alcoholic men : locus of disturbance pt loosen b chambliss n ekhator d burns neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
bearing capacities of the steel pipe piles subjected the plastic loading histories by the strong t matsuda h akiyama m kobayashi proceedings of the 25 thjsce earthquake engineering & hellip ;  
variations in the concentrations of pu-239 240 in children 's teeth removed for orthodontic purposes sc long pi mitchell tp ryan nd priest proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the european & hellip ;  
real-time transaction scheduling : a cost conscious approach d hong t johnson s chakravarthy   
testing containment of coqiunctive queries under functional and inclusion dependencies ds ijkl johnson a kiug proc . first acm sigaci-sigmod conf . on principles of  
on some principles of grammaticization pj hopper approaches to grammaticalization 1991.0 
toward the construction of customer interfaces for cyber shopping malls-hci research for electronic j kim   
a. swami ( 1993 ) . '' mining associations between sets of items in massive databases r agrawal t imielinski & hellip ; international conference on management of data washington  
active cabin noise control cf ross mrj purver proc . active97  
beryllium doping of inp grown by gas-source molecular beam epitaxy ( abstract only ) t hakkarainen k rakennus k tappura m hovinen m oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
toward a descriptive stakeholder theory : an organizational life cycle approach im jawahar gl mclaughlin academy of management review 2001.0 
male circumcision for prevention of heterosexual acquisition of hiv in men n siegfried m muller j volmink j deeks m egger cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
neuroleptic malignant syndrome associated with olanzapine therapy : a case report sc stanfield t privette journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
alan l. cox sandhya dwarkadas pete keleher honghui lu ramakrishnan rajamony weimin yu and c amza ieee computer  
prevalence of baseline drug resistance mutations in primary hiv infection patients from the quest v miller l perrin j modai san diego  
some studies on fluid structure interaction problems rk singh a kakodkar t kant  1988.0 
providing vcr capabilities in large-scale video servers jk dey-sircar jd salehi jf kurose d towsley proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
a case of withdrawal from the ghb precursors gamma-butyrolactone and 1 4-butanediol ab schneir bt ly rf clark journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
native trout of western north america . american fisheries society betheseda rj behnke md  
the basic dilemma : sovereignty or assimilation t schouls j olthuis d engelstad nation  
wcspi a. towards a taxonomy of intrusiondetcction systems h dcbar m dacier computer networks  
the mice project : multimedia integrated conferencing for europe ( mice ) cd schulz proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
improving quality-of-control using flexible timing constraints : metric and scheduling issues p marti j fuertes g fohler k ramamritham proceedings of the 23rd ieee real-time systems symposium (  
building light-weight wrappers for legacy web data-sources using w4f f azavant a sahuguet international conference on very large databases ( vldb )  
the bang le : a new kind of grid le m freeston proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
aromatherapy and massage for symptom relief in patients with cancer d fellowes k barnes s wilkinson cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
r * optimizer validation and performance for distributed queries l mackert g lohman proc . of intl. conf . on vldb  
civil military interaction in asia and africa . 1991 ch kennedy dj louscher   
determination of the longitudinal phase space distribution produced with ttf photo injector m geitz s schreiber g von walter d sertore m proc . of the 21st int . free electron laser conf. august 1999.0 
peer-to-peer : harnessing the power of disruptive technology r dingledine m freedman d molnar  2001.0 
doing what matters most : investing in quality teaching l darling-hammond  1997.0 
a new conception of service : principles and strategies . j katz new directions for higher education 1973.0 
three-dimensional electroanatomical mapping within the isthmus between the tricuspic valve and the h kottkamp b anderson y ho g hindricks submitted for publication  
l torczon colc } ring heuristics for register allocation p briggs kd cooper k kennedy proc . acm  
nephrotic syndrome associated with inhaled allergens hj wittig as goldman lancet i 1970.0 
information literacy at universities : challenges and solutions . me wiggins new directions for higher education 1992.0 
transaction support for indexed summary views g graefe m zwilling proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
artemisinin derivatives for treating severe malaria hm mcintosh p olliaro cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
spectral theory of non-selfadjoint operators bs pavlov proc . int . congr . math. warszawa  
databases on the web : technologies for federation architectures and case studies ( tutorial ) . acms anthology p edition   
interprocedural dependence analysis and parallelization m burke r cytron   
march 1993 . â ?? data management for mobile computingâ ?? t imielinski br badrinath sigmod  
rehist : relative error histogram construction algorithms s guha k shim j woo proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
xtract : learning document type descriptors from xml document collections m garofalakis a gionis r rastogi s seshadri k data mining and knowledge discovery 2003.0 
how javaâ ?? s floating-point hurts everyone everywhere . june 1998 w kahan jd darcy unpublished manuscript available at http://http . cs .  
etal. â ?? an architecture for a relational dataflow machine â ?? l bit proc . sigmod symp . on small systems  
reusable models : making your models more user-friendly om ulgen n otto t thomasma   
energy ejicient indexing on aiz acm sigmod int t imielinski s viswanathan b badrinath conference on management of data  
the impact of interprocedural analysis and optimization on the design of a software development kd cooper k kennedy l torczon acm sigplan  
on some principles of grammaticalization pj hopper approaches to grammaticalization 1991.0 
range queries in olap data cubes in â ?? sigmodâ ?? 97 ct ho r agrawal n megiddo r srikant & hellip ; acm sigmod international conference on management of data  
heat pumps in buildings hutchinson 1984 afc sherratt   
challenges facing shared governance within the college cc morphew new directions for higher education 1999.0 
linkage analysis of fifty-seven microsatellite loci to bipolar disorder pv gejman m martinez q cao e friedman neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
spectral k-way ratio-cut partitioning and clustering - group of 3 & raquo ; pk chan mdf schlag jy zien proceedings of the 30th international conference on design & hellip ; 1993.0 
size and effort estimation for applications written in java j kaczmarek m kucharski information and software technology  
structured programming '' considered harmful p abrahams acm sigplan notices 1975.0 
ql et . al. on supporting containment queries in relational database management systems c zhang j naughton d dewitt sigmod santa barbara california  
extensions of a theory of networks for approximation and learning : outliers and negative examples t poggio f girosi technical report aim1220 artificial intelligence laboratory  
evolution of networks and the diffusion of new technology gt mitchell   
computer lib dream machines n ted  1987.0 
classroom assessment : improving learning quality where it matters most . ta angelo new directions for teaching and learning 1990.0 
practical problems in data management : a position paper j gray proceedings of the 1983 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1983.0 
san francisco works : toward an employer-led approach to welfare reform and workforce development s bliss  2000.0 
voipâ ?? the access dimension dj thorne bt technology journal 2001.0 
efficient wavelength routing on directed fiber trees c kaklamanis p persiano lecture notes in computer science 1996.0 
phenomenon of cartilage shaping using moderate heating and its applications in otorhinolaryngology en sobol vn bagratashvili ap sviridov ai omel '   
comparing hybrid p2p systems b yang hg molina proc .  
building the virtual organization with electronic communication ws remingon r pedigo tl fox electronic markets 1998.0 
a perceptual pitch detector m slaney rf lyon   
context an associative media browser g davenport m murtaugh proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
control and coordination policies for systems with buffers . in 1989 acm sigmetrics performance d mitra i mitrani acm press new  
exporting a brs/search structured database to an access database on a web accessible windows nt j meyer c cooper s normann proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1997.0 
the complexity of reusing and modifying rulebases aj bonner   
searching in metric spaces with user-defined and approximate distances p ciaccia m patella acm transactions on database systems 2002.0 
condensation method of demonstrating the ionization of air ctr wilson phil . mag  
mapping self-organized criticality to criticality d sornette a johansen i dornic j. phys . i  
a lagrangian relaxation method for approximating the analytic center of a polytope '' m kojima n megiddo s mizuno   
development of financial markets and corporate governance in the russian federation j litwak aaass meetings in seattle washington ( november )  
angular distribution frequency and absorption of slow single cosmic ray protons s lattimore phil . mag 1949.0 
assessing emergency medicine resident communication skills using videotaped patient encounters : gaps s rosenzweig tp brigham rd snyder g xu aj journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
harbor porpoise phocoena phocoena population assessment studies for oregon and washington in 1993 . s osmek pe rosel ae dizon rl delong md  
a. defanti t. 1993 . surround-screen projection-based virtual reality : the design and implementation c cruz-neira dj sandin proceedings of acm  
home is where your phone is : usability evaluation of mobile phone ui for a smart home t koskela k vaananen-vainio-mattila l lehti lecture notes in computer science 2004.0 
on the thermoelastic thermomagnetic and pyro-electric properties of matters w thomson phil . mag  
the island fox ; a field study of its behavior and ecology : unpublished ph. d ll laughrin  1977.0 
1987 . analysis of object oriented spatial access methods c faloutsos t sellis n roussopoulos proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
high strain rate behavior in 4340 steel . private communication the johns hopkins university kt ramesh md  
asequential sampling algorithm for a general class of utility criteria t scheffer s wrobel knowledge discovery and data mining  
resources in human-computer interaction ea fox  1990.0 
evaluation of remote backup algorithms for transaction processing systems h garcia-molina c polyzois acm transactions on database systems  
the myth of regionalisation in europe-rhetoric and reality of an ambivalent concept a grasse journal of european area studies 2001.0 
balancing push and pull for data broadcast '' m franklin s zdonik proceedings of the acm sigmod may  
g-csf and gm-csf for treating or preventing neonatal infections r carr n modi c dore cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
use of integrated air quality management tools in urban areas as an improvement in environmental k karatzas san diego  
index research ( panel session ) : forest or trees ? jm hellerstein hp kriegel d comet c falsutsos acm computing surveys  
6nh s street sw london   
broadcast disks : data management for asymmetric communications environments s achary m franklin s zdonik r alonso proceedings of the accm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
eine neue methode zur erforschung der zugorientierung und die bisher damit erzielten ergebnisse g kramer proc . int . ornithol . congr  
br badrinath data management for mobile computing t imielinski sigmod record  
safety assessment principles for nuclear power reactors hmni inspectorate isbn  
db2 design advisor : integrated automated physical database design j rao s lightstone g lohman d zilio a storm c proc . vldb  
energy losses of ionizing particles at relativistic velocities in the photographic plate h messel dm ritson phil . mag 1950.0 
database research at ipsi e neuhold v turau acm sigmod record 1992.0 
k. matsui m sekido sen-i gakkaishi  
arvind . specification of memory models and design of provably correct cache coherence protocols . csg x shen  1998.0 
whereâ ?? s 3d now ? d salvator pc magazine  
production of titanium alloy powders r seshadri r sundaresan ac raghuram powder metallurgy alloys symposium [ abstracts ] bombay india & hellip ; 1980.0 
organizational environments and the multinational enterprise pm rosenzweig jv singh the academy of management review 1991.0 
peer-to-peer computing : the new old thing jk waters application development trends 2001.0 
technology energy and the environment gt mitchell  2000.0 
improving efficiency of peer-to-peer search b yang h garcia-molina proc . of the 28th intl. conf . on distributed computing & hellip ;  
utilization of forest resources by microbial enzymatical and chemical conversion s tachibana m sumimoto i. mokuzai gakkaishi  
would you believe structured fortran ? te hull acm signum newsletter 1973.0 
on b-tree indices for skewed distributions hv jagadish vldb 1992.0 
a disk-based join with probabilistic guarantees c jermaine a dobra s arumugam s joshi a pol proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
life-style monitoring for supported independence n edwards n barnes p garner dad rose bt technology journal 2000.0 
b-tree page size when caching is considered . acms anthology sigmod record 1998.0 
conceptual issues in phylogeny taxonomy and nomenclature ap rasnitsyn contributions to zoology 1996.0 
finite element modeling of radio-frequency cardiac and hepatic ablation s tungjitkusolmun  2000.0 
rapid versus slow rate of advancement of feedings for promoting growth and preventing necrotizing ka kennedy je tyson s chamnanvanakij cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
maternal antigen avoidance during pregnancy for preventing atopic disease in infants of women at ms kramer cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
magicbook : transition between reality and virtuality m billinghurst h kato i poupyrev  2001.0 
fast text access methods for optical and large magnetic disks : designs and performance comparison c faloutsos r chan vldb 1988.0 
nonlinear regulator design for grind ing anb spindle based on optimal control l zhao w jiang h congâ ? ¦ allaire p trumper d. proceedings of the sixth international & hellip ; 1998.0 
gm strikes deal to outsource accountingâ '' l copeland computerworld  
the organization set : toward a theory of inter-organizational relations wm evan approaches to organizational design  
there 's method in cases ji reynolds the academy of management review 1978.0 
harnessing user-level networking architectures for distributed object computing over high-speed rs madukkarumukumana hv shah c pu usenix windows nt symposium ( seattle  
eas-e : an integrated approach to application development a malhotra hm markowitz dp pazel acm transactions on database systems 1983.0 
another set of responses and correlated responses to selection on age at reproduction in drosophila l partridge n prowse p pignatelli proceedings : biological sciences 1999.0 
recovery and the conspiracy of hope p deegan sixth annual mental health services conference of australia & hellip ;  
broadband virtual private network signalling f allard bt technology journal 1998.0 
occupational therapy ... hh hull  1931.0 
virtuosi-virtual reality support for groupworking as rogers bt technology journal 1994.0 
online balancing of range-partitioned data with applications to peer-to-peer systems p ganesan m bawa h garcia-molina proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
measurement of the radiation-induced heat-up temperature of structural materials heated by igr nv gorin yz kandiev ai ulâ ?? yanovâ ? ¦ at .  
giant molecules : here there and everywhere g ayu ar khokhlov academic san diego  
automating the development and evolution of user dialogue in an interactive information system ai wasserman d shewmake submitted far publication  
capacity bounds for three classes of wireless networks : asymmetric cluster and hybrid s toumpis   
offers the convenience of downloading only the marine maps you want at a cost thatâ ?? s virtually gps teletype   
quad trees a data structure for retrieval on composite keys ra finkel jl bentley acta informatica 1974.0 
use of computer-aided instruction in graduate nursing education : a controlled trial ep hoffer ho methewson a loughery go barnett journal of emergency nursing 1975.0 
a modified version of the lewellen and badrinath measure of tobin 's q de lee jg tompkins financial  
mammalian lymph in tissue culture w bloom from lymphocyte to  
while a phobic waits : regional brain electrical and autonomic activity predict anxiety in social rj davidson jr marshall aj tomarken jb submitted for publication  
home network . h bill pc magazine  
learning concepts by interaction pr cohen   
terrorism as an instrument of armed struggle and diplomacy : the changing face of the plo b pradhan international studies-bombay then new delhi - 2001.0 
virtual reality technology g burdea p coiffet   
surfing the nanowaves : progress in understanding the gas-liquid interface . lf phillips acc . chem . res 2004.0 
soil catenas tropical deforestation and ancient and contemporary soil erosion in the peten t beach physical geography 1998.0 
chest physiotherapy compared to no chest physiotherapy for cystic fibrosis c van der schans a prasad e main cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
inclusion of other in the self scale and the structure of interpersonal closeness a aron en aron d smollan journal of personality and social psychology 1992.0 
the r + - tree : a dynamic indexfor multi-dimensionalobjects t sellis n roussopoulos c faloutsos proc . 13th int . conf . on very large databases ( vldb )  
risk factors and pathogenesis of posttransplant lymphoproliferative disorders m ho transplantation proceedings 1995.0 
windows internals : microsoft windows server 2003 windows xp and windows 2000 m russinovich d solomon  2005.0 
towards automated detection of certificates of authenticity d kirovski microsoft research technical report  
. chronic rejection : pathogenesis and treatment . hm lee  1996.0 
private self-consciousness self-awareness and the reliability of self-reports w nasby journal of personality and social psychology  
chemical characteristics of organic color in water rf cristman m nakamura w williams  1970.0 
a query language for moving object trajectories hmo mokhtar j su   
substrates calquing and grammaticalization in melanesian pidgin rm keesing approaches to grammaticalization  
myth and reality in the origin of american economic geography jd fellmann geography 1906.0 
speed and data structures in computer algebra systems rj fateman cg ponder acm sigsam bulletin 1989.0 
web servers benchmark tests '' g alwang pc magazine  
quest for machines that think c lindquist computerworld  
db2 query parallelâ ?? ism : staging and implement at ion y wang   
interpreting critical issues : comparing past and modern plagues m zarnowski social studies and the young learner 1997.0 
non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) for treating lateral elbow pain in adults s green r buchbinder l barnsley s hall m white cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
efficient prolog access to codaysl and fdm databases pmd gray proceedings of the 1985 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1985.0 
examining metrics for peer-to-peer reputation systems s marti h garcia-molina   
scalable high speed ip muting lookups [ a ] m waldvogel g varghese j turnerâ ? ¦ proc acm sigcomm  
disposable surgical face masks for preventing surgical wound infection in clean surgery a lipp p edwards cochrane database syst review 2002.0 
embedded operating systems face greater productivity demands l werner electronic design  
private liberal arts colleges and teacher preparation . nf daly new directions for teaching and learning 1986.0 
maa and de culler . parallelism in dataflow programs . computation structures group memo 279 gk arvind  1987.0 
new hope for low-income families : effects of a program to reduce poverty and reform welfare h bos a huston r granger g duncan t brock v new york : manpower demonstration research corporation  
theory of molecular fluids ( clarendon oxford 1984 ) cg gray ke gubbins vol .  
on the efficient treatment of vertical mixing and chemistry in air pollution modelling pjf berkvens ma botchev jg verwer cd-rom procs . 16th imacs world congress  
real-time communication in cim systems using fddi p werahera a jayasumana as international conference on technical  
oral sumatriptan for acute migraine dc mccrory rn gray cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
the affordances of media spaces for collaboration w gaver   
validation of two photochemical numerical systems under complex mesoscale circulations c borrego n barros ai miranda ac carvalho mj proceedings of the 23rd nato-ccms international technical & hellip ;  
human perception of air movement g zhou technical university of denmark  
spectral analysis and discrimination by zero-crossings b kedem ieee proceedings 1986.0 
bumping windows between monitors t regan m czerwinski b meyers g smith   
west german dilemma : little turks or young germans j salt geography  
towards a framework for defining internet performance metrics v paxson proceedings of inet 1996.0 
surfi ng wavelets on streams a gilbert y kotidis s muthukrishnan m strauss  2001.0 
some effects of artificial defoliation on pine and larch fc craighead i. forest  
harnessing implicit knowing to improve medical practice . nc boreham new directions for adult and continuing education 1992.0 
acta : a framework for specifying and reasoning about transaction structure and behavior pk chrysathis k ramamritham proc . acm sigmod intâ ?? l. conf . on management of  
hollow sections survival storyâ ? p jenkins r didsbury j burford bhp new zealand steel workplace new zealand demonstration & hellip ;  
dewitt . shoring up persistent applications mj carey proc . of the acm sigmod intâ ?? l conference on management of  
programming applications for microsoft windows j richter   
on optimizing an sql-like nested query w kim acm transactions on database systems 1982.0 
difference posets and orthoalgebras m navara   
studies on the immunohistochemical localization of s-100 and glial fibrillary acidic proteins in the h yamaguchi no to shinkei 1980.0 
thermal plasmas : fundamentals and applications ( plenum new york 1994 ) mi boulos p fauchais e pfender vol .  
cure : an efficient clustering algorithm for large data databases s guha r rastogi k shim proc . of the acm sigmod  
curves with finite turn j duda   
san francisco works : toward an employer-led approach to welfare reform and workforce development . s bliss  2000.0 
stormwater treatment : biological chemical and engineering principles gr minton  2002.0 
dynamic exercise therapy for rheumatoid arthritis ch van den ende tp vliet vlieland m munneke jm cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
pico : automatically designing custom computers v kathail s aditya   
isolated lung perfusion with gemcitabine prolongs survival in a rat model of metastatic pulmonary bp van putte jmh hendriks pb vermeulen s romijn submitted for  
early and late systemic hypotens ion as a frequent and fundamental source of cerebral ischemia rm chesnut sb marshall j piek ba blunt acta neurochirurgica supplementum-wien - 1993.0 
estimating true distances between genomes ls wang t warnow proc . 33rd acm symp . theory comput  
approximate similarity in metric data by using region proximity â ?? first delos network of excellence g amato f rabitti p savino p zezula & hellip ; and querying in digital libraries zurich switzerland  
tutorial : computer system monitors gj nutt   
equi-depth histograms for estimating selectivity factors for multi-dimensional queries mmdj dewitt proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
craze yielding and stressâ ?? strain characteristics of crazes in polystyrene j hoare d hull phil . mag  
. and sheila tejada . ariadne : a system for constructing mediators for internet sources ( system jl ambite n ashish g barish proc . of a cm sigmod conf . on management of  
v3 . 0 for windows v basic  1995.0 
ogneupory lb khoroshavin va perepelitsyn ti boriskova no . i  
advances in attribute grammar driven hardware compilation g economakos i panagopoulos g papakonstantinou information and software  
bounded-diameter spanning tree and related problems j ho dt lee ch chang ck wong proc . acm symp . on computational geometry  
a decade of internet researchâ ?? advances in models and practices c di cairano-gilfedder r clegg bt technology journal 2005.0 
cost estimation of user-defined methods in object-relational database systems b jihad o kinji sigmod record  
native state kinetic stabilization as a strategy to ameliorate protein misfolding diseases : a focus sm johnson rl wiseman y sekijima ns green sl acc . chem . res 2005.0 
databases on the web : technologies for federation architectures and case studies r kramer   
pull for broadcast data s acharya m franklin s zdonik b push proc . acm sigmod conf. tucson az may  
motion planning equivalence infinite dimensional systems p rouchon   
physical and chemical investigations in bering sea and portions of the north pacific ocean ca barnes tg thompson  1938.0 
a simple radon well ( abstract only ) k lahti g graeffe oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
descriptive epidemiology of epilepsy : contributions of population-based studies from rochester wa hauser jf annegers wa roccaâ ? ¦ mayo clinic proceedings 1996.0 
sedna : a native xml dbms m grinev a fomichev s kuznetsov   
virology pathogenetic mechanisms and associated diseases of kaposi sarcoma-associated herpesvirus r sarid a klepfish a schattner mayo clinic proceedings 2002.0 
schwarz p. donâ ?? t scrap it wrap it ! a wrapper architecture for legacy data sources m tork roth vldb [ vld97 ]  
system r : relational approach to database management kp eswaran jn gray pp griffiths wf king ra acm transactions on database systems 1976.0 
user groups go high ( er ) tech b machrone pc magazine  
a waterborne outbreak of gastroenteritis in adults associated with escherichia coli sa schroeder jr caldwell tm vernon pc white si lancet i 1968.0 
hytech : the cornell hybrid technology tool ta henzinger ph ho lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
bclasses : a construct and method for modelling co-operative object behaviour br marshall jb kennedy pj barclay information and software technology 1997.0 
towards a 4/3 approximation for the asymmetric traveling salesman problem r carr s vempala   
preferences for separating or combining events pw linville gw fischer journal of personality and social psychology 1991.0 
epidemiologic studies of microwave effects c silverman ieee proceedings 1980.0 
implementation techniques for main memory database systems djdwrh katz f olken ld shapiro mr stonebraker mt. proc . of acm  
where is the home choke ? br schlenker st phillips ka boniecki dr journal of personality and social psychology 1995.0 
parallelism control and synchronization expression in a single assignment language d comte g durrieu o gelly a plas jc syre acm sigplan notices 1978.0 
the dependence of lipochrome-formation in birds on plant carotenoids o vã ¶ lker proc int ornithol congr  
creating new hope : implementation of a program to reduce poverty and reform welfare t brockâ ? ¦  1997.0 
the generation of vacancies in metals rs barnes phil . mag  
march 1975 . slope stability and mass wasting in the ashland creek watershed . us forest service sa wilson bg hicks unpublished  
study of combustion characteristics of a compression ignition engine fuelled with dimethyl ether zh huang hw wang hy chen lb zhou dm jiang proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 1999.0 
data in your face : push technology in perspective m franklin s zdonik   
institutional renewal : what the corporate model ca n't tell you . rm davis new directions for higher education 1985.0 
intravenous immunoglobulin for preventing infection in preterm and/or low-birth-weight infants a ohlsson jb lacy cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
the transport of sediments in the lower fox river jz gailani  1991.0 
towards automated performance iâ ?? uning for complex workloads kp brownt m mehta mj careyt m livny   
dj and lee prspeech recognition-making it work ' ft scahill je johnson sh bass ae lear ja bt technology journal  
r lone on eztendmg the functtons of a relatconal database system rl haskm acm sigmod orlando  
wimmers edward l. and zzã ¯ t mohamed . querying shapes of histories a rakesh p giuseppe proceedings of the 21 stvldb conference zã 1/4 rich & hellip ;  
a report of the rural cancer registry k jayant rs rao bm nene ps dale  1991.0 
catalytic asymmetric synthesis mj o'donnell i ojima ojima i  
programming windows c petsold  1990.0 
a supplement to sampling-based methods for query size estimation in a database system y ling w sun sigmod record 1992.0 
climate change and air quality in london . d lee geography 1993.0 
nonlinear adaptive control of a 6-dof parallel manipulator m honegger   
face detection using a mixture of subspaces e taå?lidere  2002.0 
a theorem of lie-kolchin for trees j tits contributions to algebra  
dow corning corporation : reengineering global processes j ross   
rethinking our approach to water supply provision ja rees geography 1976.0 
specification-based coverage criteria for adl . r doong s sankar submitted for publication  
e ã © dition da solomon et me russinovich inmiw indows  2000.0 
a theory of forest dynamics : the ecological implications of forest succession models hh shugart  1984.0 
faculty appeals and grievances committee mitchell hall wi milwaukee  2001.0 
put your money where your mouth is : a case study jd north new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
building light-weight wrappers for legacy web data-sources using w4f a sahuguet f azavant vldb 1999.0 
haccp for irish beef slaughter dj bolton jj sheridan am doherty isbn  
personal tutoring and academic advice in focus heq council isbn  
understanding : a taxonomy and performance factors . melville ti ã?ren d. thiel proceedings of foodsim  
march 16 2000 united states forest service baker ranger district telephone conversation j waldo ecology and environment inc. seattle  
field and laboratory experiments with iridaea cordata ( florideophyceae ) grown on nylon netting tf mumford jr proc . int . seaweed symp  
defects in electron-irradiated germanium ca ferreira-lima a howie phil . mag  
private communication univ aw guy washington seattle  
many lives to lead : the adult professional 's quest jb francis new directions for adult and continuing education  
the relationship closeness inventory : assessing the closeness of interpersonal relationships e berscheid m snyder am omoto journal of personality and social psychology  
valuing it through virtual process measurement me nissen   
more is not better : brood size and population growth in a self-fertilizing nematode j hodgkin tm barnes proceedings : biological sciences 1991.0 
approaches to lexical semantic representation b levin unpublished manuscript  
finding salient features for personal web page categories mr wulfekuhler wfp iii www6 / computer networks 1997.0 
variations in efficiency of nitrogen utilization in tomatoes ( lycopersicon esculentum mill . ) grown j o & apos sullivan  1973.0 
welfare time limits : an interim report card d bloom   
smarxo : towards secured multimedia applications by adopting rbac xml and object-relational database sc chen ml shyu n zhao proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
analysis of esophageal ph-recordings for reflux disease ( abstract only ) l patomaki p vainio e lansimies k jarvinen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
percutaneous transperineal cryosurgery of the prostate as salvage therapy for post radiation rj miller jr jk cohen b shuman la merlotti   
relative information capacity of simple relational database schemata r hull proceedings of the 3rd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1984.0 
medians and beyond : new aggregation techniques for sensor networks n shrivastava c buragohain d agrawal s suri   
zezulap ( 1997 ) m-tree : anefficientaccess methodforsimilaritysearchinmetricspaces pm ciacciap proc . 23rd international conference on very large data bases  
metastasis related genes and malignancy in human esophageal gastric and colorectal cancers e tahara h kuniyasu h nakayama w yasui h gan to kagaku ryoho 1993.0 
pattern recognition and neural networks s theodoridis k koutroumbas   
dynamic dataflow analysis . ty chen pc poole information and software technology 1988.0 
classroom research in accounting : assessing for learning pg cottellâ ? ¦ new directions for teaching and learning 1991.0 
switch in rod opsin gene expression in the european eel anguilla anguilla ( l. ) aj hope jc partridge pk hayes   
fluidized bed combustion diagnostics by laser photocoustic spectroscopy ( abstract only ) j stenberg r hernberg oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
environmental study of the dadia forest reserve t adamakopoulos s gatzogiannis k poirazides acnat programme wwf-greece eu dg xi . athens greece : & hellip ;  
national account program : apple targets large business in market push . r batt computerworld. 1981.0 
gnutella chapter 8 in peer-to-peer : harnessing the power of disruptive technologies a oram  2001.0 
where have all the senior faculty gone ? . hw sheridan new directions for teaching and learning 1984.0 
audio-visual integration in multimodal communication t chen rr rao proceedings-ieee 1998.0 
b-tree page size when caching is considered d lomet sigmod record 1998.0 
lower track classrooms : a curricular and cultural perspective r page  1991.0 
godis-issue-based dialogue management in a multi-domain multi-language dialogue system s larsson s ericsson   
on the relation between truth maintenance and abduction ac kakas p mancarella proc . pricai90  
range queries in olap data cubes h ch r agrawal n megiddo r srikant proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
range-sum queries in data cubes ct ho r agrawal r srikant proc . of  
capacity bounds for three types of wireless networks : asymmetric cluster and hybrid s toumpis proc . acm mobihoc roppongi japan may  
learning table access cardinalities with leo . v markl gm lohman   
radionuclides in terrestial ecosystems 1981 kl bocock   
an architecture for in-internet hybrid services ca licciardi g canal a andreetto p lago computer networks 2001.0 
schedulingreal-time transactions : a performance evaluation rah garcia-molina acm transactions on database systems  
how did welfare and work policies affect employment and income : a synthesis of research d bloom c michalopoulos  2001.0 
evaluation of remote backup algorithms for transaction-processing systems ca polyzois h garcia-molina acm transactions on database systems 1994.0 
leave none left to tell the story ( genocide in rwanda-the planning and execution of mass murder ) hr watch  1999.0 
implementation techniques for main memory databases dj dewitt rh katz f olken l shapiro m proc . acm  
biochem . 28 ( 1989 ) 3243 . ( b ) sigman ds bruice tw mazumder a & sutton cl jm veal rl rill acc chem res  
the moral and ethical teachings of zarathushtra m navroji  1928.0 
handbook on formative and summative evaluation of student learning bs bloom  1971.0 
code ( version 1 ) us department of energy germantown b parks pc cap88 md 1988.0 
phidgets ( 2001 ) : easy development of physical interfaces through physical widgets s greenberg c fitchett proc acm  
policy regulations and approaches to home-based business in the eastern metropolitan region m horgan  2001.0 
uniqueness of kã $ hler-einstein cone metrics t jeffres   
effects of chest wall vibration on the intensity of dyspnea during constrained breathing md altose i syed l shoos proc int union physiol sci  
improving statistics canadaâ ?? s cell suppression software ( confid ) â ?? d robertson proceedings of the compstat 2000 conference 21.-25 . august & hellip ;  
bifocal sampling for skew-resistant join size estimation s ganguly pb gibbons y matias a silberschatz sigmod conference 1996.0 
using attribute certificates to implement role-based authorization r oppliger g pernul c strauss submitted for  
cascade adaptive speed control of a thyristor-driven dc motor . rm stephan v hahn h unbehauen & hellip ; proceedings d [ see also iee proceedings-control theory and & hellip ; 1988.0 
male honor and female fidelity : implicit cultural scripts that perpetuate domestic violence ja vandello d cohen journal of personality and social psychology 2003.0 
making b + - trees cache conscious in main memory jr rr ka ross proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
g calvert jm hay ka and lees dg 1973 dg barnes phil . mag  
the interpersonal costs of seeking self-esteem le park j crocker unpublished manuscript  
spatial variability of midtropospheric circulation patterns and associated surface climate in the mj keables physical geography  
an algorithm for solving the discrete log problem on hyperelliptic curves p gaudry lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
plasma spray technology process parameters and applications kp sreekumar j karthikeyan pv ananthapadmanabhan  1991.0 
learning from the inquiries : lessons for using collaborative inquiry as an adult learning strategy l yorks e kasl new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
poetic baldness and its cure . jeg zetzel md  
the condition number of the pagerank problem sd kamvar th haveliwala   
statistics of random processes ii r liptser rs liptser r lipster a shiryaev a  2000.0 
video portals for the next century ( panel session ) r koenen h yu a zakhor f galliano c bouman n proceedings of the seventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 1999.0 
bidirectional expansion for keyword search on graph databases v kacholia s pandit s chakrabarti s sudarshan proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
ge x si 1-x modulation-doped p-channel field-effect transistors tp pearsall jc bean r people at fiory proc . int . symp . si-mbe  
expression of the myelin basic protein gene in transgenic mice expressing human neurotropic virus s haas ns haque ah beggs k khalili virology-new york - 1994.0 
formalization of generics for the . net common language runtime d yu a kennedy d syme   
optimal histograms for limiting worst-case error propagation in the size of join results s christodoulakis acm transactions on database systems 1993.0 
unusual congenital brain malformations with associated defects of the vrolik collection : meckel - b baljet f van der werf rj oostra b verbeeten learning and thinking proceedings of the 23rd gã ¶ ttingen & hellip ;  
a review of the fractal image compression literature d saupe r hamzaoui acm siggraph computer graphics 1994.0 
microsoft windows 2000 security technical reference d clark  2000.0 
multi-media gets real c levin r raskin mj ross n zelnick pc magazine  
database and revised checklist of new york state plants . part 1 ) mitchell rs a database of new york rs mitchell microsoft access  
the enantioselective synthesis of-amino acids by phase-transfer catalysis with achiral schiff base mj o'donnell acc . chem . res 2004.0 
keeping your private information private b glass pc magazine  
broadcast disks : data management for asymmetric communications environments sa vi r alonso m franklin s zdonik proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of  
anaesthesia for treating distal radial fracture in adults hh handoll r madhok c dodds cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
traces of culture : searchbots scour the web looking for visual information s wilson proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
tell me a good story : using narrative analysis to examine information requirements interviews during r alvarez j urla acm sigmis database 2002.0 
simultaneity causality and spectral representations d censor submitted for  
toward a psychological structure of human values sh schwartz w bilsky journal of personality and social psychology  
1.2 . 2 windows nt ---------------- '' java . lang jdk sun outofmemoryerror ''  
the principles of adult mentoring scale . nh cohen new directions for adult and continuing education 1995.0 
an multi-targets evaluation approaches to customers credit zf zhou xw tang proceedings of 2003 international conference on management & hellip ; 2003.0 
the temperature dependence of radiation sensitivity of large molecules es kempner r wood r salovey   
â ?? through-wafer copper plating for 3-d interconnect nt nguyen e boellaard np pham g craciun vg procs . of  
the shaping of menâ ?? s minds : adaptations to the imperatives of culture ya cohen see ref  
a delay-tolerant network architecture for challenged internets k fall   
quantum invariants of knots and 3-manifolds de gruyter vg turaev new york  
community characteristics of old-growth western juniper woodlands ws waichler rf miller ps doescher journal of range management 2001.0 
beirutâ ?? s memoryside : hear no evil see no evil afh naccache see meskell  
sql-like operator for mining association rules r meo g psaila s ceri a new proceedings of international conference on very large & hellip ;  
xtract : a system for extracting document type descriptors from xml documents a gionis m garofalakis r rastogi s seshadri k proc . of acmsigmod 2000 international conference on & hellip ;  
on user criteria for data model evaluation wc mcgee acm transactions on database systems 1976.0 
symmetric and asymmetric traffic in multitier cellular systems a iera a molinaro s marano submitted for  
die abhã $ ngigkeit des o 2-verbrauchs der niere von der na-rã 1/4 ckresorption p deetjen k kramer pflã 1/4 gers archiv european journal of physiology 1961.0 
the sparking potential of air for high frequency discharges ewb gill rh donaldson phil . mag  
computer challenges ekg as heart saver of future . m johnson computerworld. 1990.0 
peripheral tolerance induction : lessons from immune privileged sites and tissues jw streilein transplantation proceedings 1996.0 
mapping politics : how context counts in electoral geography j agnew political geography 1996.0 
quickset : a multimodal interface for distributed interactive simulation pr cohen l chen j clow m johnston d mcgee j   
pole assignment self-tuning regulator pe wellstead d prager p zanker proc . lee  
automating physical database design in a parallel database j rao sigmod conference 2002.0 
matrix transpose on meshes with wormhole and xy routing rapp . tech c ho ibm research division almaden research center juin  
a general solution of the n-dimensional b-tree problem m freeston sigmod conference 1995.0 
mmdb reload algorithms mh eich proceedings of the 1991 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1991.0 
abdominal wall and stomach perforation following accidental electrocution with high tension wire : a s kumar s thomas s lehri journal of emergency medicine 1993.0 
if it changes it must be a process : study of emotion and coping during three stages of a college s folkman rs lazarus journal of personality and social psychology 1985.0 
integrated urban air quality control and management l kliucininkas international conference ecological technology and & hellip ;  
assessment of general learning : state university of new york college at fredonia jr hurtgen new directions for higher education 1997.0 
dipivalyl epinephrine ( dpe ) : a new prodrug in the treatment of glaucoma ai mandell sm podos see ref  
decoding genetics and molecular biology : sharing the movies in our heads m zolan s strome r innes new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
a physical piano model for music performance g borin d rocchesso f scalcon proc . int . computer music conf  
the geography of employment in the cultural industries : toward a cross national comparison ( uk and ac pratt annual conference of the american association of geographers & hellip ;  
strong typing and physical units r mã $ nner acm sigplan notices 1986.0 
hierarchical clustering via joint between-within distances gj szekely ml rizzo  2003.0 
virtual reality and program comprehension : application using spreadsheet visualisation rd gregson msc thesis department of computer science university of durham  
there 's nowt so queer as folk ! d attwater l mcgrail n sargent bt technology journal 2000.0 
c. faloutsos estimating the selectivity of spatial queries using the â ?? correlationâ ?? fractal a belussi conference proceedings of vldb zurich switzerland sept  
the cyber all project : a personal store for everything cg bell   
towards self-tuning data placement in parallel database systems ml lee m kitsuregawa bc ooi kl tan a mondal sigmod conference 2000.0 
leisure-time physical activity among us adults j crespo s keteyian g heath journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
tracking join and self-join sizes in limited storage n alon pb gibbons y matias m szegedy proc acm sigact sigmod sigart symp princ database syst 1999.0 
newly developed economical and efficient push/pull hemodiafiltration t shinzato k fujisawa s nakai m miwa contributions to nephrology 1994.0 
1998 education work plan cb federation  1997.0 
phone recognition using a transition-controlled segment-based dp/mlp hybrid j verhasselt jp martens   
paying attention to the people work when planning educational programs for adults rm cervero al wilson new directions for adult and continuing education  
welcome to our wilks/craig/mckee family homepage ! ( personal home page ) '' jd wilks   
brobst and gk maa . evaluation of the mit taggcd-token dataflow architecture . computation structures sa arvind  1987.0 
absorbent products for the containment of urinary and/or faecal incontinence in adults e shirran m brazzelli cochrane . database . syst . rev 2000.0 
origin and differentiation of the island fox : a study of evolution in insular populations pw collins  1982.0 
museums and multimedia ( abstract ) : extending the experience beyond the museum 's walls r semper a kramer proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ; 1994.0 
evaluation of the 1998 forest fires in east-kalimantan ( indonesia ) using multitemporal ers-2 sar f siegert aa hoffmann   
inside windows nt c helen  1992.0 
countable choice and pseudometric spaces hl bentley h herrlich   
hadronic equation of state and the onset of kaon condensation ( abstract only ) j cleymans j staalnacke e suhonen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
the stanford graph base p. 77â ?? 89 de knuth  1993.0 
criteria for selecting transportation research proposals . t northwest university of washington seattle washington may  
electronuclear energy amplifiers with low-energy proton beams vs barashenkov ia shelaev at .  
the bang-file-a new kind of grid file in : proc m freeston acm sigmod international conference on management of data  
passive position location using nonlinear filters s challa af farhan   
a trajectory splitting model for efficient spatio-temporal indexing s rasetic j sander j elding ma nascimento proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
selection of optimal values for concentration of key isotope in waste of a cascade for separation of na kolokolâ ?? tsov ni laguntsov ga sulaberidze at . energ  
longest prefix matching using bloom filters s dharmapurikar p krishnamurthy de taylor   
preparation of fox valley technical college faculty for multicultural education gk grimm  2000.0 
unification-free execution of well-moded prolog programs mrkk rao rk shyamasundar technical report tifr bombay india march  
what is return on quality and why you should care.â ?? e baatz electronic news  
hybrid meshes i guskov a khodakovsky p schroder submitted for publication 2001.0 
reducing persian gulf dependence over time d kline jp weyam  1980.0 
violence in the it workplace r garner computerworld  
surface reconstruction and many-atom models ( abstract only ) h hakkinen j merikoski m manninen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
the gmap : a versatile tool for physical data independence og tsatalos mh solomon ye ioannidis the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
mean squared load criteria for scheduling independent tasks g dzemyda applied mathematics and computer science 1999.0 
deming prize : no longer a stranger at home c hildebrand computerworld  
corticotropin-releasing factor and behavior gf koob fe bloom fed proc 1985.0 
rangequeriesinolapdata cubes ct hoetal proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
the thankless task of cost containment ws reed new directions for higher education 1999.0 
programmer 's guide ce windows  1998.0 
trends in marine surface wind speed : ocean weather stations versus voluntary observing ships hj isemer   
e-mail servers j clyman pc magazine  
introductory accounting : changing the first course kv pincus new directions for teaching and learning 1994.0 
non-deterministic dataflow programming ajcjr curd cc kirkham proc . 6th acm european  
acta : a framework for specifying and reasoning about transaction structure and behavior pk chrysanthis k ramamritham proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1990.0 
spectral theory of ordinary differential operators j weidmann  1987.0 
generation of human artificial chromosomes expressing naturally controlled guanosine triphosphate m ikeno h inagaki k nagata m morita h ichinose genes to cells 2002.0 
water quality management for reservoirs and tailwaters : a wots demonstration rh kennedy rc gunkel rf gaugush water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988 & hellip ; 1988.0 
layered histories : the wandering bible of marseilles cb rubin rj gluck proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
the limits of containment d bowden aaal conference seattle washington . 28th february  
fice international bulletin no. 2 m declaration & hellip ; federation of educative communities zurich switzerland  
associate p cookbook t christiansen nt oâ ?? reilly   
spectral invariants and geometry of the hamiltonian diffeomorphism group yg oh   
, dt solomon mh tan ck tsatalos og white sj zwilling mj : shoring up persistent applications mj carey dj dewitt mj franklin sigmod ( siehe sig94 ] ) s.  
comparison of flutter device and chest physical therapy in the treatment of cystic fibrosis m gondor pa nixon r mutich p rebovich dm   
learning from practice : learning to see what matters in program planning al wilson rm cervero new directions for adult and continuing education 1996.0 
introduction : geography matters d massey geography matters 1984.0 
sanctions and welfare reform . policy brief # 12 d bloom d winstead  2001.0 
aerosol-cloud-climate interactions 1academic pv hobbs san  
differing patterns of head and facial injury with airbag and/or belt restrained drivers in frontal jr crandall tp kuhlmann pg martin wd pilkey t & hellip ; occupant restraint technologiesâ ?? procs joint aaam/ircobi & hellip ;  
propertius 4.9 and the toils of historicism . m fox md  
the family transition program : an early implementation report on florida 's time-limited welfare d bloom  1995.0 
loading databases using dataflow parallelism j grayâ ? ¦ sigmod record  
personal and contextual determinants of coping strategies cj holahan rh moos  1987.0 
lie algebras associated to fiber-type arrangements preprint 2000 available at arxiv : math dc cohen fr cohen m xicotencatl   
pradiktive regelung der ammonium-stickstoffkonzentration in klaranlagen mit ausgleichsbecken m schuhen  1998.0 
developable spaces and problems of fletcher and lindgren am mohamad   
black colleges and universities : challenges for the future am garibaldi   
acta : a framework for specifying and reasoning about transactions pk chrysanthis k ramamritham proc . of the acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
modeling slotted wdm rings with discrete-time markovian models ma marsan e leonardi m meo f neri computer networks 2000.0 
three-dimensional reflection of shock waves propagating in square crosssectional tubes z jiang o onodera k takayama proc of the 21st int syrup on shock  
learning from native adult education ja orr new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
sporen tekens letters m andersch   
r and gray as shibli f viswanathan d. ed : proceedings seminar on cyclic operation of power plant -  
portugal : the decade of return j lewis a williams geography  
a texture-based object detection and an adaptive model-based classification t kalinke c tzomakas w von seelen procs . ieee intelligent vehicles  
automating camera management in a lecture room q liu y rui a gupta j cadiz proceedings of acm  
simplifying polynomial constraints over integers to make dependence analysis more precise v maslov w pugh md  
a general critical-strain criterion for crazing in amorphous glassy polymers rj oxborough pb bowden phil . mag  
nitroglycerin in the treatment of cocaine associated chest pain-clinical safety and efficacy . j hollander r hoffman p gennis journal of emergency medicine 1995.0 
using labeled paths for loop-free on-demand routing in ad hoc networks h rangarajan jj garcia-luna-aceves   
a womanâ ?? s place l mcdowell d massey geography matters  
the new idria serpentinite of california : a toxic rock ? : geological society of america abstracts m ross 1994 annual meeting seattle washington october  
fields at finite temperature : a general study of the two-point function j bros d buchholz to  
refinements of the ziegler-nichols tuning formula cc hang kj astrom wk ho  1992.0 
programming windows with mfc j prosise  1999.0 
aggregate processing in parallel rdbms a shatdal jf naughton proceedings of the acm sigmod conference san jose & hellip ;  
the changing face of freeware j edwards ieee computer 1998.0 
linear logic for structural software synthesis p kungas j rao   
high frequency of htlv-iii antibodies among heterosexual intravenous drug abusers in the austrian d fuchs hg blecha f deinhardt mp dierich fd lancet i 1985.0 
a host computer system for software development pn gray proc . 1974 acm national  
the architecture of an active data base management system dr mccarthy   
the â ?? virtual enterprise : â ?? your new model for success ls flaig electronic business  
gnutella peer-to-peer : harnessing the power of disruptive technologies a. oram g kan  2001.0 
harnessing women 's work : restructuring agricultural and industrial labor forces in the dominican lt raynolds economic geography 1998.0 
new hope for people with low incomes : two-year results of a program to reduce poverty and welfare h bos a huston r granger g duncan t brock v  1999.0 
ariadne : a system for constructing mediators for internet sources jl ambite n ashish g barish ca knoblock s sigmod conference 1998.0 
a proof of menger 's theorem by contraction f goring discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2002.0 
douglas ross talks about structured analysis ( interview ) dt ross ieee computer  
self-esteem in young men : a longitudinal analysis of the impact of educational and occupational jg bachman pm oâ ?? malley journal of personality and social psychology 1977.0 
agm : a dataflow database machine . l bic rl hartmann acm transactions on database systems 1989.0 
personal communication d dagenbach unpublished manuscript  
tourist guide : some issues and experiences k cheverst n davies k mitchell a friday dcae proc . of acm  
taxonomy and structure of polish personalityrelevant adjectives p szarota unpublished manuscript  
oral non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug therapy for cystic fibrosis c dezateux a crighton cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
it women in silicon valley k melymuka computerworld  
sustainable development of urban areas . lessons from the smallest city t dentinho jga meneses   
study of ieee 802.1 p garp/gmrp timer values f tobagi p molinero-fernandez m karam   
the measurement and use of registered reflectance and range data in scene analysis d nitzan ae brain ro duda ieee proceedings 1977.0 
descendants of nathaniel pistole gunn ( personal home page : 15 feb 1999 ) '' d martin   
epitaxial high t ( sub c ) superconducting thin films and superlattices deposited by laser albation ( j levoska t murtoniemi s leppavuori proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
finite dimensional algebras ya drozd vv kirichenko  1994.0 
electronic applications for the calculation of static and dynamic elements of forest stands of beach l apatsidis h sifakis & hellip ; research institute of athens publishers athens greece ( in & hellip ;  
query processing in main memory database management systems mj carey tj lehman proceedings of acm sigmod  
electronic reader sorts mail ai tersoff electronic industries  
16th ieee pv spec y kuwano m ohnishi h nishiwaki s tsuda t conference san diego  
indexing on air t imieliå?ski s viswanathan br badrinath proceedings of the acm-sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
cardio spasm br cohen m guelrud achalasia : demonstration of supersensitivity of the lower & hellip ;  
the atm forum 's private network/network interface jm scott ig jones bt technology journal 1998.0 
part three : where should leaders in adult and continuing education come from ? . p jarvis ws griffith new directions for adult and continuing education 1992.0 
r. pound g cox sj ( 2003 ) towards the semantic grid : putting knowledge to work in design f tao l chen n shadbolt 3rd international conference of knowledge  
towards model-based design support for distributed user interfaces . 2004 c vandervelpen k coninx at nordichi  
brave new apps : the application servers rv dragan pc magazine sept  
emotional reactivity in mice may not be inherited but induced by parents f calatayud s coubard c belzung submitted for publication  
financing liberal education in america : public and private responsibilities . sr baum new directions for higher education 1994.0 
criteria for rating the intensity of overexcitabilities rf fak mm piechowski s lind unpublished manuscript  
the greenhouse effect ( abstract only ) e holopainen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
into the demon universe : a literary exploration of oscar wilde . . cs nassaar  1972.0 
windows 3.1 memory enhancement utilities m pietrek l seltzer pc  
harnessing a hurricane : social studies in action . kl floyd social studies and the young learner 1991.0 
expression and the nature of emotion p ekman approaches to emotion 1984.0 
andstanley zdonik . scramblingquery planstocope withunexpected delays s acharya m franklin proceedings of the 1997 acm-sigmod  
cure : an efficient clustering algorithm for categorical attributes s guha r rostogi k shim proc . of 1998 acm-sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
the importance of long-range dependence of vbr video trac in atm trac engineering : myths and bk ryu a elwalid   
munsell soil color charts . munsell color 2441 north calvert street baltimore m color md  
hardware emulation draws speed from innovative 3d parallel processing based on custom ics l maliniak electronic design  
a homogeneous network for data-sharing communications eg manning r peebles computer networks  
a spatial model of effectiveness criteria : towards a competing values approach to organizational re quinn j rohrbaugh management science 1983.0 
defining collaborative partnerships im saltiel new directions for adult and continuing education 1998.0 
on vulnerability and protection of ad hoc on-demand distance vector protocol w wang y lu bk bhargava   
information rules harvard business school press c shapiro hr varian boston  
health effects of air pollution episodes hr anderson see ref  
colonial precedents of our national land system as it existed in 1800 ac ford  1910.0 
inside widows nt h custer microsoft  
report on the programming language euclid bw lampson jj horning rl london jg mitchell gj acm sigplan notices 1977.0 
ageneral solution ofthe n-dimensional b-tree problem m freeston proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data  
introductory computer science for general education : laboratories textbooks and the internet r mcfall g stegink   
chatâ ?? s where itâ ?? s atâ ?? a hickman pc magazine  
microsoft windows xp registry guide j honeycutt  2002.0 
integrating device independence and user profiles on the web t glover j davies bt technology journal 2005.0 
bifidobacterium longum atcc 15707 production using free and immobilized cell fermentations in a whey c paquin m leroy c lacroix proceedings of the 23rd international dairy federation . & hellip ;  
ways to go in rama : a case study in polygrammaticalization ' cg craig approaches to grammaticalization  
amelioration of the macrothrombocytopenia associated with the murine bernard-soulier syndrome t kanaji s russell j ware blood-new york - 2002.0 
system performance and benchmarking : learning table access cardinalities with leo v markl g lohman proc . acm sigmod june  
to hear all voices : a broader view of faculty scholarship l richlin new directions for teaching and learning 1993.0 
comparing hybrid peer-to-peer systems ( extended ) b yang h garcia-molina 27th international conference on very large data bases rome & hellip ;  
enzyme histochemistry and immunohistochemistry with freeze-dried or freeze-substituted resin - gi murray the histochemical journal 1992.0 
object-relational database systems ( tutorial ) : principles products and challenges mj carey nm mattos ak nori proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1997.0 
programming windows the definitive guide to the win32 api c petzold  1998.0 
balancing push and pull for broadcast data s acharya m franklin s zdonik proc . acm sigmod conf. tucson az may  
personal goals and emotional well-being : the moderating role of motive dispositions jc brunstein oc schultheiss r graessmann journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
future challenges for the residential conference center . ce kasworm eg simpsonâ ? ¦ new directions for adult and continuing education 1990.0 
face and tone of voice in the communication of deception m zuckerman md amidon se bishop sd pomerantz journal of personality and social psychology  
cytomegalovirus vaccine trial in 400 renal transplant candidates hh balfour jr pk welo gw sachs transplant proc  
au coeur de windows nt h custer  1993.0 
implications of accounting practice for financial analysis . wm wilkinson new directions for higher education 1979.0 
badrinath â ?? energy efficient indexing on airâ ?? t imilienski s vishwanathan proceedings sigmod  
understanding dielectric cure monitoring sd senturia  1982.0 
s80-radtmo goddard space flight center greenbelt jv dave nr no md  
thickness dependence of the nucleation field of triglycine sulphate hf kay jw dunn phil . mag  
integrating activity-based costing and the theory of constraints r cooper r slagmulder management accounting  
603 or 604 two semesters of cegep courses including four of the following : biology 101 chemistry q english   
the will and the ways : development and validation of an individual-differences measure of hope cr snyder c harris jr anderson sa holleran lm journal of personality and social psychology 1991.0 
exploiting versions for handling updates in broadcast disks e pitoura pk chrysanthis proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1999.0 
assessing haptic properties for data representation sa wall sa brewster proceedings of acm chi 2003.0 
the bang file : a new kindof gridfile m freeston proc . acm sigmod conference  
xtract : a system for extracting document type descriptors from xml documents m garofalakis a gionis r rastogi s seshadri k sigmod conference 2000.0 
a new sql-like operator for mining association rules . int . m. vijayaraman ap buchmann c. mohan r meo g psaila s ceri proceedings 22nd international conference on very large data  
face to virtual face n magnenat-thalmann p kalra m escher proc . ieee  
microsoft windows security for windows xp and windows 2000 inside out redmond e bott c siechert wash : microsoft  
a framework for the performance analysis of concurrent b-tree algorithms t johnson d shasha proceedings of the ninth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ; 1990.0 
keram a majdic o grewen ae noware z no . i  
detecting deception from the body or face p ekman wv friesen journal of personality and social psychology  
principles of bone biology lf bonewald jp bilezikian lg raisz ga rodan  1996.0 
high-level copper feeding of swine and poultry and the ecology gk davis federation proceedings vol 33 2 tab 25  
mandrill pd walsh microsoft windows  
a procedure for sailing performance analysis based on full-scale log entries and towing test data je kerwin  1974.0 
invariants bisimulations and the correctness of coalgebraic refinements b jacobs lecture notes in computer science 1997.0 
towards a taxonomy of intrusion-detection systems h debar m dacier a wespi  1999.0 
toward logical data independence : a relational query language without relations d maier d rozenshtein sc salveter j stein ds   
intravenous conscious sedation monitoring guidelines ja snyder journal of emergency nursing 1992.0 
parallel processing network for adaptive controllers yz chang   
education through geography : knowledge understanding values and culture f slater geography-london - 1994.0 
estimating the selectivity of spatial queries using the a belussi c faloutsos correlation '' fractal dimension '' proc . 21st vldb conf  
scalable high speed ip lookups m waldvogel g varghese j turner b plattner proc . acm  
where were we : making and using near-synchronous pre-narrative video sl minneman sr harrison   
the plant visualisation system ( avis ) hd kochs j reichel h husemann demonstration at the  
microsoft access fã 1/4 r windows j viescas  1994.0 
h ~ multivariable-control-law synthesis mj grimble   
improved solutions to three dimensional packing problems wb dowsland & hellip ; conference on operations research athens greece june  
synthesizing realistic computational grids d lu pa dinda proceedings of acm/ieee sc 2003 ( supercomputing ) 2003.0 
the recovery of dielectric strength of sf and air h oohashi jw spencer gr jones proc . 21st int . conf . phenomena in ionised gas  
online estimation for subset-based sql queries c jermaine a dobra a pol s joshi proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
self-concordance at work : toward understanding the motivational effects of transformational leaders je bono ta judge academy of management journal 2003.0 
issues and approaches for migration/cohabitation between legacy and new systems r nassif d mitchusson   
modelling business rules in an office environment p loucopoulos e katsouli acm sigois bulletin 1992.0 
broadcast disks : data management for asymmetric communication environments s acharya r alonso m franklin s zdonik sigmod conference 1995.0 
range queries in olap data cubes in : joan p ed ct ho r agrawal r megiddo r srikant proceedings of the international acm sigmod conference . acm & hellip ;  
e ring spaces and e ring spectra jp may j tornehave n ray f quinn  1977.0 
the lean enterprise c jones n medlen c merlo m robertson j bt technology journal 1999.0 
correlation between self-efficacy and self-esteem in students jk mckenzie  1999.0 
teaching social studies creatively . w solomon social studies and the young learner 1989.0 
accounting for scale : measuring geography in quantitative studies of civil war h buhaug p lujala   
rethinking the product portfolio : a generalized investment model tm devinney dw stewart management science 1988.0 
phantoms in the representation theory ofâ ® finite dimensional algebras ' b huisgen-zimmermann preprint university of california santa barbara  
problem solving in the mathematics classroom : a socio-constructivist account of the role of students p eynde e de corte l verschaffel proceedings of 25 thannual conference for the psychology of & hellip ;  
autonomic arousal interpersonal climate and orality j masling roâ ?? neill es katkin journal of personality and social psychology 1982.0 
pulmonary venous air embolism following accidental patient laceration of a hemodialysis catheter - iy tien mj drescher journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
the teaching assistant 's point of view . j boehrer e sarkisian new directions for teaching and learning 1985.0 
encyclopedia of physical science and technology rj tedeschi  1992.0 
erythropoietin synthesis by tumor cells in a case of meningioma associated with erythrocytosis p bruneval c sassy p mayeux mf belair   
a more complicated protocol for ... j smith proceedings of acm sigcomm  
approximate frequency counts over data streams gs manku r motwani vldb 2002.0 
the fragile base class problem and its solution l mikhajlov e sekerinski   
long-term dependence in trading e ghysels j jasiak unpublished manuscript  
design and analysis of a flow control algorithm for a network of rate allocating servers university s keshav ak agrawala s singh md  
proton nmr studies on human blood plasma : an application to cancer research ( abstract only ) m ala-korpela y hiltunen j jokisaari s proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
inclusion of young learners with disabilities in social studies . s freagon social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
atmospheric correction algorithms for water quality surveillance vs hope dg hadjimitsis cri clayton proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the remote & hellip ;  
equi-depth histograms for estimating selectivity factors for multi-dimensional queries m muralikrishna dj dewitt sigmod conference  
do users dream of electronic libraries ? rl de prado electronic library 2000.0 
maximally flat lowpass filters realizable as allpass sums iw selesnick submitted for  
shifting boundaries and new technologies : a case study in the uk banking sector sv scott g walsham   
leo-db2 's learning optimizer m stillger g lohman v markl m kandil vldb 2001.0 
adaptive method for range top-k queries in olap data cubes zx loh tw ling ch ang sy lee   
social studies lessons integrating technology . pull-out feature i. p semrau ba boyer social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
a snapshot of public web services j fan s kambhampati sigmod record 2005.0 
andr . rastogi . querying and mining data streams : you only get one look m garofalakis j gehrke proceedingsof acm sigmod  
artificial intelligence : hype or reality ? aa hopgood   
the elastic range of friction js rankin phil . mag  
shuffles parallel processing data ic novel electronic  
frequency and power windowing in tissue interactions with weak electromagnetic fields wr adey ieee proceedings 1980.0 
collaborative analytical processing-dream or reality ? ( panel abstract ) wo ` connell a witkowski g graefe proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ; 2001.0 
results from two years of owl surveys in the chequamegon/nicolet national forest a paulis  2002.0 
auditory representations in phonology es flemming  2002.0 
data warehouse configuration d theodoratos t sellis vldb 1997.0 
applied statistics : a handbook of techniques l sachs  1982.0 
development of a new wall shear stress gauge for fluid flows y gur p leehey  1988.0 
improved current-gain cutoff frequency and high gain-bandwidth amplifiers in transferred-substrate d mensa  1999.0 
fa : building light-weight wrappers for legacy web datasources using w4f a sahuguet proceedings of the international conference on very large  
astron . & astrophys mp redman rjr williams je dyson tw hartquist  1997.0 
integration approaches for cim mc norrie   
harnessing perception of image quality to guide graphics rendering e horvitz j lengyel k larson m czerwinski technical report microsoft research technical report msr-tr-97 -  
some applications of pq-groups in graph theory g exoo   
gluconeogenesis and lipogenesis in tissue from ruminant and nonruminant animals fj ballard rw hanson ds kronfeld federation proceedings 1969.0 
effect of lexical frequency on spoken-word recognition using eye movements d dahan js magnuson mk tanenhaus submitted for  
a deductive and object-oriented database system : why and how ? l vieille proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1993.0 
mondrian : system for automatic generation of dataflow diagrams jb tremblay information and software technology 1989.0 
automating physical database design in a parallel database system j rao c zhang g lohman n megiddo  2002.0 
clonal variation in four-yearold loblolly pine in coastal north carolina lj frampton da huber proceedings of the 23rd southern forest tree improvement & hellip ;  
causal compactifications and hardy spaces for spaces of hermitian type f betten g olafsson   
a system for detecting network intruders in real-time ( 1998 ) pv bro computer  
fabrication and properties of n-channel sige/si modulation doped field-effect transistors grown by h daembkes hj herzog h jorke h kibble e kasper proc . int . electron devices meeting  
microsoft windows nt server 4.0 terminal server : technical reference bc cumberland a muir g carius  1999.0 
ande . ruf . specializing shaders b guenter tb knoblock proceedings of acm  
water air and soil pollut bb hicks dd baldocchi tp meyers rp hosker jr  1987.0 
making ak 4-free graph bipartite b sudakov   
students ' attitudes toward the responsibilities and barriers in doctoral study rc kluever new directions for higher education 1997.0 
attenuation basted correction of spectral backscattering in lake mã $ laren central sweden n strã ¶ mbeck & hellip ; workshop on imaging spectropscopy zurich switzerland  
game-theoretical control problems nn krasovskii ai subbotin  1987.0 
image region entropy : a measure of â ?? visualnessâ ?? of web images associated with one concept k yanai k barnard proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
persistent lymphadenopathy in homosexual men : a clinical and ultrastructural study mg anderson j dixey p key ds ellis g tovey tf lancet i 1984.0 
toward a universal psychological structure of human values sh schwartz w bilsky journal of personality and social psychology  
the gmap : a versatile tool for physical data independence g odysseas mh solomon ye ioannidist   
vortex lattice : vortex liquid states in anisotropic high-t ( sub c ) superconductors ( abstract only ) bi ivlev nb kopnin mm salomaa oulu univ. proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
modern combined oral contraceptives for pain associated with endometriosis j moore s kennedy a prentice cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
relations between mean doppler velocity and radar reflectivity factor ( ( for air motions during pt willis conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
rebasing win32 dlls : the whole story . rr asche   
the global pairwise approach to radiation hybrid mapping r tibshirani l lazzeroni t hastie a olshen d   
on the correlation of internet flow characteristics k lan j heidemann   
let 's face the music and dance : a view of learning in the arts . a sgroi new directions for adult and continuing education 1992.0 
the challenges to invisible computing g borriello   
intravenous treatment of leishmania donovani infected mice with liposomal hexadecylphosphocholine p kaufmann-kolle a kuhlencord h eibl cellular and molecular biology letters 1996.0 
polap : a fast wavelet-based technique for progressive evaluation of olap queries rr schmidt c shahabi   
content management-don ' t let large sites get out of hand n randall pc magazine january  
peer-to-peer harnessing the power of disruptive technologies march 2001 a oram isbn  
an evolutionary approach to estimating software development projects js aguilar-ruiz i ramos m toro information & software technology 2001.0 
the approval motive : studies in evaluative dependence dp crowne d marlowe   
working both sides of the street mc alkin mq patton new directions for program evaluation 1987.0 
that tap tap is your boss j maglitta computerworld  
a history of algol 68 ch lindsey history of programming languages 1996.0 
acoustic surface wave filters rh tancrell mg holland proc . ieee  
curriculum recommendations for the undergraduate program in computer science : a working report of rh austing bh barnes dt bonnette gl engel g acm sigcse bulletin 1977.0 
fishes and associated environmental data collected in new york bight june 1974-june 1975 sj wilk  1977.0 
pulseless diseases k shimizu no to shinkei 1971.0 
the messy reality of socially responsible business j entine   
tables of the function fx ( - log | ly | / y ) dy with an account of some properties of this and related k mitchell phil . mag  
multimode communications on the mitrenet . gt hopkins computer networks  
1 acharya s. franklin m. and zdonik s. lt codes mtcpr performance as model ie computer networks 1999.0 
metrics for quality analysis and improvement of object-oriented software c ebert i morschel information and software technology  
pricing internet services : approaches and challenges lw mcknight j boroumand   
novel approaches in query processing for moving object trajectories d pfoser cs jensen y theodoridis proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ; 2000.0 
get ready for agile methods b boehm ieee computer  
retrieving music-to index or not to index a haapaniemi e ukkonen   
modeling skewed distribution using multifractals and the80-20 ` law c faloutsos y matias a silberschatz proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
d. naughton j. 1993 â ?? the 007 benchmarkâ ?? m carey w de proceedings of the 1993 acm  
spectral composition of far-infrared laser radiation optically excited in methyl fluoride de evans bw james wa peebles le sharp & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
superfluid vortex nucleation in he-3 flow ( abstract only ) pi soininen nb kopnin mm salomaa oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
algorithms and programming models for efficient representation of xml for internet applications n sundaresan r moussa computer networks 2002.0 
non-specification-based approaches to logic testing for software n kobayashi t tsuchiya t kikuno   
topics of interest in is : comparing academic journals with the practitioner press s gosain z lee i im   
periodic acid incubation can replace hydrochloric acid hydrolysis and trypsin digestion in hjg van de kant dg de rooij the histochemical journal 1992.0 
organizational life cycles and shifting criteria of effectiveness : some preliminary evidence re quinn k cameron management science 1983.0 
the evaluation of primary prevention programs bl bloom see ref  
ivy halls and glass walls : barriers to academic careers for women and ethnic minorities p bronstein ed rothblum se solomon new directions for teaching and learning 1993.0 
extraordinary people . va green social studies and the young learner 1996.0 
the evolution of life histories : theory and analysis : chapman and hall da roff new york  
n-dimensional brushes : gaining insights into relationships in nddata mo ward submitted for publication  
automating information engineering . ig macdonald information and software technology 1988.0 
changes in soil carbon storage and associated properties with disturbance and recovery wh schlesinger the changing carbon cycle : a global analysis 1986.0 
an empirical study of on-chip parallelism l snyder   
taking account of the influence of the bending of vvã?r -1000 fuel assemblies on the power of fuel gl ponomarenko at .  
d-type cyclin expression is decreased and p 21 and p 27 cdk inhibitor expression is increased when t sekiguchi e noguchi t hayashida t nakashima genes to cells 1996.0 
understanding mcmc go roberts rl tweedie to appear  
the erato programme - wind tunnel test results and proof of design for an aeroacoustically optimised wr splettstoesser b van der wall b junker kj european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
effects of emotional abuse against men in intimate relationships da hines k malley-morrison unpublished manuscript  
a model for backup archive and restore-a proposal to x/open . dm choy a saxena ibm almaden research report  
no more middlemen . t hoffman computerworld  
hetero diels-alder methodology in organic synthesis academic press dl boger sm weinreb san diego  
the rtx real-time subsystem for windows nt b carpenter m roman n vasilatos m zimmerman proceedings of the usenix windows nt workshop 1997.0 
cuticle formation in vitro ep marks ba sowa see ref  
comparing hybrid peer-to-peer systems b yang h garcia-molina proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
answering imprecise queries over web databases u nambiar s kambhampati proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
cost estimation of user-defined methods in object-relational database systems j boulos sigmod record 1999.0 
raised temperature reduces the incidence of diabetes in the nod mouse ajk williams j krug ef lampeter k mansfield pe diabetologia 1990.0 
the 007 benchmark mj carey dj dewitt jf naughton proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference  
tests of branch splitting and branch-splitting independence in allais paradoxes mh birnbaum submitted for  
laplace trans-form solution of two-medium neutron aging problem r bellman re marshak gm wing phil . mag  
shoring up persistent applications proc . of the 1994 acm sigmod conference m carey d dewitt j naughton m solomonâ ? ¦ minneapolis mn may  
investigations on silviculture and productivity of the virgin forest scatlã © / brigels . fw hillgarter  1971.0 
dominance relationships of tree associated herbs in some california grasslands vt parker  1977.0 
zavodskaya laboratoriya ap gulyaev vn nikitin no . i  
nuclear power plant with bn-600 reactor ai leipunskii ii afrikantov is golovninâ ? ¦ at .  
the worldinfo assistant : spatio-temporal information integration on the web jl ambite ca knoblock mr kolahdouzan m muslea proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
mutual encapsulation of internetwork protocols jf shoch d cohen ea taft computer networks  
a new model for packet schedulingin multihop wireless networks h luo s lu v bharghavan proceedings of acm  
an ecological history of the province lands cape cod national seashore ca mccaffrey unpublished manuscript  
19 cambridge 1916 t no   
the 1979 canada-usa cooperative bacillus thuringiensis spray trials against the spruce budworm on morris washington seattle washington  
ecosystem processes component level 1 interpretive report no. 10 . chesapeake biological laboratory ( wr boynton wm kemp jm barnes ll matteson fm md  
personal goals and subjective well-being : a longitudinal study jc brunstein journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
cache conscious indexing fordecision-support inmainmemory jrka ross proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ;  
high speed on-line backup when using logical log operations db lomet sigmod conference 2000.0 
testing the neoclassical model of family labor supply and fertility tp schultz the journal of human resources 1990.0 
optimism is associated with mood coping and immune change in response to stress sc segerstrom se taylor me kemeny jl fahey journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
main gearbox with higher survivability and reliability p maret c varailhon european rotorcraft forum 25 th rome italy proceedings. 1999.0 
the impact of cultural values on employee resistance to teams : toward a model of globalized self - bl kirkman dl shapiro the academy of management review 1997.0 
typing dynamic typing ai baars sd swierstra   
more programming pearls : confessions of a coder j bentley  1988.0 
the spaces and times of globalization : place scale networks and positionality e sheppard economic geography  
progress in crystal physics ( s. viswanathan madras 1958 ) rs krishnan vol .  
defects in spinel crystals grown by the verneuil process mh lewis phil . mag  
vitterj ( 2001 ) supporting incrementaljoinqueriesonrankedinputs cyc natseva lcs smithj & hellip ; 27th international conference on very large data bases & hellip ;  
on the menu : the growth of self-efficacy j alleman j brophy social studies and the young learner 2000.0 
orientation dependence of energy dissipation during plastic deformation of fcc crystals d nakada phil . mag  
choose your 200 c venezia pc magazine  
surfing wavelets on streams : one-pass summaries for approximate aggregate queries ac gilbert y kotidis s muthukrishnan m strauss vldb 2001.0 
views of nature : the environment values and literature . r lutts new directions for teaching and learning 1989.0 
the jobs evaluation : working paper 96.2 : monthly participation findings in the columbus jobs j weissman g hamilton  1996.0 
pose and illumination compensation for 3d face recognition s malassiotis mg strintzis   
public and private management of wastewater treatment : a comparative study lj o'toole jr new directions for program evaluation 1991.0 
database management systems : relational object-relational and object-oriented data models ood models   
object-relational database systems : principles products and challenges mj carey nm mattos ak nori sigmod record 1997.0 
our family museum : a collection of family history notes ( personal home page ) '' jn churchyard   
learning community history jm hugo new directions for adult and continuing education 2002.0 
diuretic therapy for newborn infants with posthemorrhagic ventricular dilatation a whitelaw cr kennedy lp brion cochrane database syst .  
experimental studies on seedling ecology of norway spruce in the intermediate alpine mountain forest p brang  1996.0 
the synthesis of elastic dislocation fields frn nabarro phil . mag  
role and place of gas-cooled reactors in the structure of nuclear power production ai kiryushin nn ponomarev-stepnoi es glushkovâ ? ¦ at .  
emotions : a general psychoevolutionary theory r plutchik approaches to emotion 1984.0 
weblab ! a universal and interactive teaching learning and laboratory environment for the world cm boroni fw goosey m grinder rj ross p   
some experimental results on distributed join algorithms in a local area network h lu m carey proc . 11th intl. conf . on vldb  
an assessment of fire climate and apache history in the sacramento mountains new mexico mw kaye tw swetnam physical geography 1999.0 
the population ecology of the limpets : lottia gigantea ( gray ) and several species of acmaea ( js stimson  1968.0 
integral equation analysis of a polygonal semiconductor microcavity ln illyashenko ai nosich t benson   
electrocardiographic manifestations : acute posterior wall myocardial infarction wj brady b erling m pollack tc chan journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
from data independence to knowledge independence : an on-going story l vieille proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
the role of large wood in the carbon cycle of central amazon rain forest jq chambers  1998.0 
a correlated morphometric and cytochemical study on hepatocyte nucleolar size and rna distribution gh herbener m bendayan the histochemical journal 1988.0 
comparing software development methods : an example jr cameron a campbell pt ward information and software technology 1991.0 
a 28-year-old man with an aortic dissection and history of cocaine abuse sp hohm journal of emergency nursing 1995.0 
computer technology forecast for virtual observatories j gray   
emergency department visits by children with sickle hemoglobinopathies : factors associated with k frush r ware t kinney journal of emergency medicine 1996.0 
a new sql-like operator for data mining association rules r meo g psaila s ceri proceedings of the 22nd vldb conference bombay indien  
the strong isometric dimension of finite reflexive graphs sl fitzpatrick rj nowakowski discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2000.0 
strauss : a specification miner g ammons  2003.0 
towards a minimalist account of nominal anaphora in spanish and english e raposo   
model-based semantic compression for network-data tables s babu m garofalakis r rastogi a silberschatz   
an alternative approach : the unfolding model of voluntary employee turnover tw lee tr mitchell the academy of management review 1994.0 
broadcast disks : data management for asymmet-0 20 40 60 80 100 percentage of dont_care implimit s acharya r alonso m franklin s zdonik acm sigmod  
mondrian/system for automatic generation of dataflow diagrams lb protsko pg sorenson jp tremblay information and software technology  
the oo7 benchmark . buneman p jajodia s mj carey dj de witt jf naughton proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference  
airbags boom when ic accelerometer sees 50g f goodenough electronic design  
decidability and expressiveness aspects of logic queries o shumueli proc . acm sigmod-sigact symp . principles of database systems  
office blogger b erol jj hull proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
ma 02140 usa tel : + 1 617 354 5800 1996 c street   
the r + - trees : a dynamic index for multidimensional objects [ j ] in proc . of intl tk sellis n roussopoulos c faloutsos conf . on very large databases ( vldb )  
automatic synthesis of sdl models in use case methodology n mansurov d zhukov   
fractal approximation of image blocks dm monro f dudbridge   
a street through time used with powerful instructional strategies me haas social studies and the young learner 2000.0 
modeling and analysis of video servers based on hierarchical storage systems . '' shg chan fa tobagi preparation csl technical report stanford university  
regularizing the embedding operator and applications g teschke r ramlau submitted for  
a decade of hardware/software codesign w wolf   
practical mostly-static information flow control a myers proceedings of acm sigplan-sigact symposium on principles of  
oral cancer k jayanth m notani rs rao pb desai tata memorial hospital professional education division bombay  
enriching user-oriented class associations for library classification schemes ht pu electronic library 2003.0 
truth revelation in approximately efficient combinatorial auctions d lehmann y shoham journal-acm 2002.0 
, s. sudarshan m. bawa g. bhalotia and d. shah . turbo-charging vertical mining of large databases p shenoy technical report tr-2000-02 dsl indian institute of science  
gamma knife surgery in acoustic tumours g noren d greitz a hirsch i lax acta neurochirurgica supplementum-wien - 1993.0 
cyclic networks : a family of versatile fixed-degree interconnection architectures ch yeh b parhami   
complexity of products of modal logics 1997 m marx   
dose-related suppression of rem sleep and pgo waves by the serotonin-1 agonist eltoprazine jj quattrochi an mamelak d binder j williams neuropsychopharmacology-san diego - 1993.0 
balancing push and pull for data broadcast a swarup m franklin s zdonik proceedings of the acm sigmod conference tucson-arizona & hellip ;  
wired colleges 101 a hickman pc magazine online  
looking to the future : implementation of a five-year plan . pl beukema new directions for higher education 1986.0 
paramodulation and set of support l wos g robinson   
seeking out children in need . s cusack computerworld. 1990.0 
asymmetric epoxidation of olefins [ j ] js johnson da evans acc . chem . res  
inp solar cells grown by gas-source molecular beam epitaxy ( abstract only ) jp zibin k rakennus k tappura g zhang j oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
why xml matters bz gottesman pc magazine  
faloutsos â ?? the r + - tree : a dynamic index for multi-dimensional objects â ?? r sellis proc . 13th international conference on very large data  
rethinking the holidays . teacher 's resources . ph porter social studies and the young learner 1993.0 
radiation field analysis and synthesis using pronyâ ?? s method ek miller dl lager electronic letters 1978.0 
a cost model for query processing in high dimensional data spaces acm transactions on database systems 2000 acm transactions on database systems 2000.0 
personal communication c gasperoni athens greece  
inside windows nt . may 1998 da solomon microsoft  
building light-weight wrappers for legacy web data-sources using w4f s arnaud a fabien proceedings of 25th vldb conference edinburgh scotland uk  
cure : a clustering algorithm for large databases s guha r rastogi k shim proc . of the acm sigmod conference on management of data & hellip ;  
a probabilistic framework for matching temporal trajectories : condensation-based recognition of mj black ad jepson lecture notes in computer science 1998.0 
s. & badrinath br ( 1994 ) . energy efficient indexing on air tv imielinski proceedings of the acm conference on management of data (  
theory of spectral graph layout b beckman   
urbanâ ?? suburbanâ ?? rural air temperature differences related to street geometry i eliasson physical geography  
missing and inapplicable values fd linn acm sigmod record 1987.0 
feynmanâ ?? s operational calculi for noncommuting systems of operators : spectral theory b jefferies gw johnson   
epigenetic marks by dna methylation specific to stem germ and somatic cells in mice k shiota y kogo j ohgane t imamura a urano k genes to cells 2002.0 
dbms and ai : is there any common point of view ? m stonebraker d sagalowicz r wilensky proceedings of the 1983 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1983.0 
approximate counts and quantiles over sliding windows a arasu gs manku proceedings of acm principles of database systems 2004.0 
comparing acoustically tagged juvenile chinook and steelhead behavior with powerhouse flow data at tw steig inc. seattle washington  
calcium-aluminumâ ?? rich inclusions from enstatite chondrites : indigenous or foreign ? jc phys r lett acc . chem . res 1997.0 
implementation approaches for reconfigurable logic applications bl hutchings mj wirthlin lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
the values development dilemma . ml mcbee new directions for higher education 1980.0 
querying in highly mobile distributed environments . in 18 thintl t imielinski br badrinath conference on very large databases  
security in statistical databases for queries with small counts fy chin acm transactions on database systems 1978.0 
range top/bottom k queries in olap sparse data cubes zw luo tw ling ch ang sy lee b cui proceedings of the 12th international conference on database & hellip ; 2001.0 
measuring the impacts of whole-school reforms : methodological lessons from an evaluation of hs bloom   
on the quality of service enhancement in variable bit rate networks . looking . forward x hesselbach ieee  
estimating compilation time of a query optimizer if ilyas j rao gm lohman d gao e lin   
energy and economic considerations for ex situ aqueous mineral carbonation wk oâ ?? connor dc dahlin ge rush sj gerdemann proc . 29th international technical conference on coal & hellip ;  
data warehouse configuration algorithms s ligoudistianos d theodoratos t sellis  1998.0 
toward a geography of enterprise g krumme economic geography 1969.0 
thyroid hemiagenesis and ectopia in sonic hedgehog knockout mice h fagman m grã $ nde m nilsson proc 29th annual meeting of the european thyroid association & hellip ;  
rastogir. cure a. an efficient clustering algorithm for large data bases s guha & hellip ; 1998 acm sigmod international conference on management of  
in emulsion polymerization m nomura piirma i.  
self-tuning histograms r habrecht   
high speed policy based packet forwarding using efficient multi-dimensinal range maching m uga k shiomoto proc . acm  
literacy impact studies in solomon islands and vanuatu g singh international journal of educational research 2001.0 
tibiofibular syndesmosis and ossification . case report : sequelae of ankle sprain in an adolescent ma kennedy ae sama m sigman journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
efficient topology-aware overlay network . acm computer communications review 33 ( 1 ) : 101â ?? 106 jan m waldvogel r rinaldi proceedings of acm hotnets-i ( october  
random samplingtechniques for space efficient computation of large dataset s g singh s rajagopalan b lindsay proceedings of sigmod philladelphia pa  
perthâ ?? s water future a water strategy for perth and mandurah to 2021â ?? water authority of western ra stokes ja beckwith ir pound rr stone pc isbn  
sampling-based selectivity for joins using augmented frequent value statistics p haas a swami proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
monitors and concurrent pascal : a personal history p brinch hansen 2 ndacm conference on the history of programming languages  
read assistant professor m jane   
the use of control-flow and control dependence in software tools tj ball  1993.0 
towards a hybrid logic of acquaintance and awareness a saffiotti f sebastiani   
a dht-based backup system e sit j cates r cox   
rethinking database system architecture : towards a self-tuning risc-style database architecture s chaudhuri g weikum proc . of 26 thint . conf . on very large  
whatâ ?? s public about public opinion ? the oj simpson case and performing the nation sdâ ?? cruz unpublished manuscript  
cultivating the grass roots : why local government matters hjb allen  1990.0 
range queries in data cubes ct ho r agrawal r srihant proc . intâ ?? l conf . management of data ( sigmod )  
back contact buried contact silicon solar cells with metallization wrap around electrodes w jooss h knauss f huster p fath e bucher proc . 28th ieee pvsc anchorage  
a hankel approach to singular system realiza-tion theory ws gray ei verriest fl lewis proc . 29th cdc honolulu hawaii  
abdominal traumaâ ?? review response and criteria r stalnaker m ulman proc . stapp conf. 29th washington dc pap . no  
scheduling data broadcast in asymmetric communication environments nh vaidya s hameed wireless networks 1999.0 
cold flow simula-tiono f vortex induced oscillationsi namodel of solid propeilant boosters j anthoine d olivari greater seattle washington aiaa paper  
building a convincing test of a public housing employment program for the jobs-plus demonstration . h bloom manpower demonstration research corporation and presented at & hellip ;  
text book of medicinal jurisprudence and toxicology j modi bombay india : pripati pvt. ltd  
bokr-bis program for performing two-dimensional calculations of rmbk reactors on es series computers aa shkurpelov vp borshchev vp veselovâ ? ¦ at .  
private communication aberdeen p plostins md  
attachment styles and fear of personal death : a case study of affect regulation m mikulincer v florian r tolmacz journal of personality and social psychology  
now hear this b rayner electronic business  
nbs primary calibration facilities for air flow rate kr bensonâ ? ¦ air speed and slurry flow procs . of the american gas & hellip ;  
improved recipient results after 5 years of performing laparoscopic donor nephrectomy ra montgomery lr kavoussi lm su v sinkov c transplantation proceedings 2001.0 
effect of cep-751 ( kt-6587 ) on neuroblastoma xenografts expressing trkb ae evans kd kisselbach x liu a eggert n   
genetic and biochemical studies on neurospora conidia germination and formation s brody see ref  
pseudo-trajectory control scheme for a 3-d model of a biped robot ( part 2 . body trajectories ) k jagannathan g pratt j pratt a persaghian procs of ciras  
wrapper generation for semi-structured internet sources nac knoblock & hellip ; section on management of semi-structured da @ acm sigmod & hellip ;  
recombinant human insulin-like growth factor i ( rhigf-i ) for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis/motor jd mitchell jh wokke gd borasio cochrane database syst . rev 2002.0 
recognizing of spectral mixtures their components and spectral patterns ( abstract only ) k mantere j parkkinen t jaaskelainen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
fcc inquiry could send flat-rate private lines to the scrap heap . p hirsch computerworld. 1982.0 
prentice hall fd corrigan c eire m jaffee   
the space of the dream : a case of mis-taken identity ? e cater area 2001.0 
tools for design of composite web services r hull j su proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2004.0 
the rules of the game : the unwritten code of career mobility . m ross m green new directions for higher education 1990.0 
the biochemical basis of neuropharmacology jr cooper fe bloom rh roth   
characterization of phase and frequency instabilities in precision frequency sources - fifteen years j rutman ieee proceedings 1978.0 
specification faithfulness in networks with rational nodes d parkes j shneidman proceedings of the 23rd acm symposium on principles of & hellip ;  
new seat reservation system for japanese national railways - distributed processing network and high e seki vldb 1986.0 
credible compilation . masterã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents s thesis d marinov  2000.0 
social studies curriculum renewal : internationalizing the curriculum . g blankenship social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
the virtual enterprise framework and toolbox jw center   
a scanning fabry-perot interferometer for the 50-1000 micron range jc lecullier g chanin & hellip ; on infrared physics zurich switzerland aug. 11-15 1975 . & hellip ; 1976.0 
scalable high speed routing m waldvogel g varghese j turner b plattner proceedings of acm  
management of a remote backup copy for disaster recovery rp king n halim h garcia-molina ca polyzois acm transactions on database systems 1991.0 
spaces of contention c tilly mobilization-san diego - 2000.0 
put it in the contract : the lessons of ariane jm jã © zã © quel b meyer   
how to summarize the universe : dynamic maintenance of quantiles ac gilbert y kotidis s muthukrishnan m strauss vldb 2002.0 
8â cents mitchell te ( 1973 ) l hwang ah heuer phil . mag  
architecture matters : the rebirth of public discussion r ozzie  2002.0 
rethinking resistance and recognizing ambivalence : a multidimensional view of attitudes toward an sk piderit academy of management review 2000.0 
the push for proof of information systems payoff ml sullivan-trainor computerworld  
calcium transport mechanism in crayfish gastrolith epithelium correlated with the moulting cycle : ii m ueno v mizuhira cytochemical demonstration of ca atpase and mg atpase . & hellip ;  
introduction to a system for distributed databases ( sdd-1 ) jb rothnie jr pa bernstein s fox n goodman m acm transactions on database systems ( tods ) 1980.0 
yamaguchi and koumura y. â ?? thread-based programming for the em-4 hybrid data-flow machine â ?? m sato y kodama s sakai proc . of acm  
fossil fuels : the decade of surplus syd and arthur d spooner geography  
initiation of sendai virus multiplication from transfected cdna or rna with negative or positive a kato y sakai t shioda t kondo m nakanishi y genes to cells 1996.0 
theories that explain contradiction : accounting for the contradictory organizational consequences of d robey proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1995.0 
research proposal : conditioned taste aversion : a technique to reduce red fox predation at piping lh mcivor md  
stable computation of multiquadric interpolants for all values of the shape parameter b fornberg g wright submitted to bit  
noncompliance in organ transplant recipients m rovelli d palmeri e vossler s bartus d hull transplant proc 1989.0 
cure : an efficient algorithm for clustering large databases s guha r rastogi k shim proceedings of acm-sigmod 1998 international conference on & hellip ;  
schooling and work among youth from low-income households s barclayâ ? ¦  1979.0 
it paradox number pa strassmann computerworld 1999.0 
a laboratory for the study of automating programming te cheatham jr b wegbreit acm sigsam bulletin 1972.0 
toward autonomic computing with db2 universal database s lightstone g lohman d zilio sigmod record 2002.0 
running ms-dos qbasic m halvorson d rygmyr  1991.0 
the coat colors of mice wk silvers  1979.0 
forlorn hope : german army infantry policy 1918-1941 sj lewis  1983.0 
design principles for software manufacturing tools portal.acm.org   
locust control with metarhizium flavoviride : new approaches in the development of a biopreparation d stephan m welling g zimmerman see ref  
social context research project : methods for facilitating the inclusion of students with cg breen ch kennedy tg haring  1991.0 
1.3 beta windows nt 1474 856 523 -- '' java . lang jdk sun outofmemoryerror ''  
how do educational leaders interpret the multiple accountabilities they face ? w firestone d shipps unpublished manuscript 2003.0 
multicast using ad hoc on-demand distance vector routing em royer c perkins proc . of acm mobicom  
abstracting object interactions using composition filters m aksit k wakita j bosch l bergmans a yonezawa lecture notes in computer science 1994.0 
b. stie ge r r. ga dow pj meier and e. wi nt er ma nt el kl eckert proceedings of the 23rd annual cocoa beach conference and & hellip ;  
felling of trees depletes thaneâ ?? s forest cover m ballal times of india bombay india march  
management gets personal j karney pc magazine 1993.0 
modeling skewed distributions using multifractals and the w-20 lawâ ?? c faloutsos y matias a silberschatz   
vv andramanov vn demenyuk and vv migunov lf belovodskii vk gaevoi vi grishmanovskii at . energy  
recent bt patents p gray bt technology journal 2002.0 
anl ) wood i ) . implementation techniques for main memory database systems dj dewitt rh katz f olken l shapiro mr proceedings of the 10f h vldb ( singapore aug. .  
somatic embryogenesis of cyclaman persicum mill . in bioreactors . comb ak hvoslef-eide c munster proc . int . plant prop  
did welfare reform have an effect : an analysis of entry exits and employment in philadelphia . c michalopoulos ls richburg-hayes new york : manpower demonstration research corporation  
off the beaten path : some creative approaches to adult learning mc clark new directions for adult and continuing education 2001.0 
challenges and trends in processor design : challenges not roadblocks e killian ieee computer  
thermal convection in a magnetic field wb thompson phil . mag  
when ego threats lead to self-regulation failure : negative consequences of high self-esteem rf baumeister tf heatherton dm tice journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
ther oo7 bechmark m carey d dewitt j naughton proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod conference  
freemmg : a hybrid peer-to-peer and client-server model for massively multiplayer games fr cecin r de oliveira jannone cfr geyer mg proceedings of acm sigcomm 2004.0 
gain : child care in a welfare employment initiative : california 's greater avenues for independence ( k martinson ja riccio  1989.0 
pull for data broadcast s acharya m franklin s zdonik b push proc . acm sigmod conf. tucson az may  
fourier principles for emotion-based human figure animation m umuma k anjyo r takeuchi proceedings of acm  
garcia-molina . comparing hybrid peer-to-peer systems . 7 b yang proceedings of very large databases  
toward an â ?? interferenceâ ?? model of student learning in medicine paper presented at the 7th jhf meyer eg cleary  1997.0 
programming windows : the microsoft guide to writing applications for windows 3 c pretzold  1990.0 
where do the rural elderly obtain their primary care lg hart ra rosenblatt dm lishner h friedman lm seattle washington : wwami rural health research center in  
e. ] 8 . crellin and m. 13evls p allan phil . mag  
e graziadio thaãse ( 1997a ) - an alternative framework for the strategic planning of stable pa zawislak lf nascimento & hellip ; international conference on management of technology mot  
generic wrappers m buchi w weck lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
knowledge management : some â ?? thereâ ?? there j gantz computerworld  
the power under the hood ; preview : windows nt . b ezzell pc  
yield stress and wall slip phenomena in colloidal silica gels hj walls sb caines am sanchez sa khan   
a hybrid protocol for scalable application-level multicast in peer-to-peer systems r zhang ych borg proceedings of acm nossdav  
the space of kahler metrics e calabi proc . int . congr . math . amsterdam  
forthcoming urban growth as poverty alleviation in bolivia goâ ?? hare m barke   
apj pb hall sf anderson ma strauss dg york gt  2002.0 
market-based workflow management for the outsourcing of activities through a federation of market y badir c stricker r dalla palma   
use of chemicals to protect trees from mountain pine beetle attack pj shea amman gene d. camp . proceedings-symposium on the management & hellip ;  
parallel computation of robot inverse dynamics for high speed motions ay zomaya as morris   
symmetric relations and cardinality-bounded multisets in database systems k ross j stoyanovich proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
third generation tp monitors u dayal h garcia-molina m hsu b kao mc shan a database challenge acm sigmod conference  
a dataflow architecture with tagged tokens '' paper no vk arvind k pingali mit/lcs-tm -174 laboratory for computer science mit september  
dependence of high-speed elements â ?? aerodynamics on local heat sources in approaching flow vb axuiev i ryibka n savischenko a kuranov proceedings of the 2â ?? d wig workshop  
simulating ( log cn ) - wise independence in nc b berger journal of the acm ( jacm ) 1991.0 
energy rehabilitation of multi-use buildings . m santamouris  1997.0 
men in emergency nursing j johnston journal of emergency nursing 1987.0 
novel approaches to the indexing of moving object trajectories d pfoser c jensen y theodoridis proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ; 2000.0 
what 's that character doing in your interface ? a don proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
an efficient clustering algorithm for large data bases sigmod 1998 s guha r rastogi a cure proceedings of acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
the effect of the influx of radioactive industrially contaminated north sea water on the radiation sm vakulovskii ai nikitin vb chumichev at .  
the ambr model comparison project : multitasking the icarus federation and concept learning ka gluck mj young proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the cognitive & hellip ;  
arithmetic expansions associated with a rotation of the circle and with continued fractions a vershik n sidorov algebra i analiz  
query processing in main memory database management systems tj lehman mj carey proceedings of the 1986 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1986.0 
three principles of representation for semantic networks rl griffith acm transactions on database systems 1982.0 
krovoobrashchenie ( erevan ) vm khayutin ye malyarenko no . i  
process simulators for si vlsi and high speed gaas devices jd plummerâ ? ¦  1990.0 
processing set expressions over continuous update streams s ganguly mn garofalakis r rastogi sigmod conference 2003.0 
a344683 p. 5 [ 421 ] dm exh . 38 c no  1979.0 
the trace of special values of modular l-functions d lanphier submitted for  
experimental studies of competition as a factor affecting the distribution and abundance of purple sc schroeter  1978.0 
d. ott fd smith tuning red for web traffic m chnstiansen k jeffay proceedings of acm/sigcomm  
merozoite vaccination of douroucouli monkeys against falciparum malaria gh mitchell whg richards ga butcher s cohen lancet i 1977.0 
betting on the dream fj derfler jr pc magazine october  
an interpretive framework for application prediction m parashar s hariri t haupt gc fox procs of the 1993 intâ ?? l conference on parallel and & hellip ;  
leading a university during controversy : challenges faced by a new president j genshaft j wheat new directions for higher education 2004.0 
when are methods complementary . accepted for publication in rf paige information and software technology  
listening to napster . peer-to-peer : harnessing the power of disruptive technologies andy oram ( edt . c shirky  2001.0 
full-wave design and analysis of bandpass filters using 1/8-cut high - q dielectric ring resonators s amari r vahldieck j bornemann proc . 28th european microwave  
positivism vs minimalism in deductive databases n bidoit r hull proceedings of the fifth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
filters based on multilayer metallic structures in a waveguide vp gololobov vi omel ` ianenko radiotekhnika i elektronika 1988.0 
embracing the hybrid model : working at the intersections of virtual and physical learning spaces td skill ba young new directions for teaching and learning 2002.0 
isthmus veracruz ( mecayapan ) nahuat laryngeals . c wolgemuth aztec studies i  
some design refinements and principles on the appearance and behavior of marking menus dialogues ma tapia g kurtenbach proceedings of acm uistâ ?? 95  
human body deformation from range scans b allen b curless z popovic proc . acm siggraph 2002  
the correlation between rae ratings and citation counts in psychology a smith m eysenck unpublished manuscript 2002.0 
e. 1 . blount mh cohen phil . mag  
connecticut post-time limit tracking study : six-month survey results ja hunter-manns d bloom  1999.0 
optimization-based verification and stability characterization of piecewise affine and hybrid a bemporad fd torrisi m morari lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
diagnostic criteria for chronic rejection/accelerated graft atherosclerosis in heart and kidney lc paul p hayry m foegh mj dennis transplantation proceedings 1993.0 
texor : temporal xml database on an object-relational database system k nã ¸ rvag m limstrand l myklebust submitted for publication 2002.0 
graphoid properties of epistemic irrelevance and independence fg cozman p walley unpublished manuscript 1999.0 
50456 ( september 27 2004 ) ; 69 fr 59285 ( october 4 2004 ) . the sec also approved amendments to nyse ear no   
extracting concurrency from objects : a methodology pk chrysanthis s raghuram k ramamritham proceedings of the 1991 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1991.0 
donâ ?? t scrap it wrap it ! a wrapper architecture for data sources mt roth p schwarz proceedings of the 23rd vldb  
organophosphate poisoning in perth western australia 1987-19961 gm emerson nm gray ga jelinek d mountain hj journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
creating competitive advantage : forest policy as industrial policy in chile . ra clapp economic geography 1995.0 
three-dimensional registration using range and intensity information g godin m rioux r baribeau proc . spie 1994.0 
minimal forbidden subgraphs of reducible graph properties aj berger discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2001.0 
formative and summative evaluation : parody or paradox ja centra new directions for teaching and learning 1987.0 
multidimensional spectral estimation jh mcclellan ieee proceedings 1982.0 
inside microsoft windows nt internet development r sorensen  1998.0 
are there barbarians at the gates of information systems ? j fedorowitz d lee jj sviokla b weber proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1996.0 
similarity search in multimedia databases m patella   
application for research collaboration m female   
ieee appl . supercond m tsindlekht m colosovsky d davidov  1996.0 
seismotectonics of the elsinore-temecula trough elsinore fault zone southern california ag hull  1990.0 
home networking 101 c metz pc magazine . accessed  
windows programming [ m ] c petzold  1999.0 
mystiq : a system for finding more answers by using probabilities j boulos n dalvi b mandhani s mathur c re d proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
waveguide dammann gratings and kinoforms ( abstract only ) j saarinen j huttunen a vasara j turunen a oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
digital libraries ( hot topics ) ea fox ieee computer  
hetero diels-alder methodology in organic synthesis vol . 47 : academic press dl boger sl weinreb san diego  
object-relational database systems : principles products and challenges ( tutorial ) mj carey nm mattos a nori sigmod conference  
3d visualisation of a resistivity data setâ ?? an example from a sludge disposal site : symp c bernstone t dahlin p jonsson appl . geophys . eng . environ . probl. procs  
a pocketful of history . sl field la labbo social studies and the young learner 1994.0 
your own private internet mj miller pc magazine  
pipes-a public infrastructure for processing and exploring streams j kramer b seeger proc . of the acm sigmod 2004.0 
solvability and asymptotic behavior of a population problem taking into account random mating and v skakauskas applied mathematics and computer science 2000.0 
the correlation of music aptitude scores with mathematical achievement scores for high school s rother  2000.0 
from nationalism to pragmatism : it policy in china kl kraemer j dedrick   
the university of melbourne dnj phd quantum mechanics-demonstration with your cathode ray tube  
121 or 122 biology 120 121 or 122 ; calculus 120 chemistry 121 or 122 french 121 or 122 nb english   
understanding com + : the architecture for enterprise development using microsoft technologies ds platt  1999.0 
toward a model of venture capital investment decision making rd hisrich   
radio frequency interference from linear-fm pulses jjg mccue interim technical report massachusetts inst . of tech. & hellip ; 1974.0 
a manual for the abridged early social communication scales ( escs ) p mundy c delgado j block m venezia a hogan j unpublished manuscript  
sec a boiler pv code viii div .  
primary care physician and patient factors that result in patients seeking emergency care in a d boushy i dubinsky journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
practical dependence testing g goff k kennedy cw tseng proceedings of the acm sigplan 1991 conference on & hellip ; 1991.0 
the oo7 bechmark m carey d dewitt j naughton acm sigmod  
genie : a generalized array optimizer for vlsi synthesis s devadas ar newton proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ; 1986.0 
the interlace polynomial : a new graph polynomial r arratia   
causal models of adolescent substance use : an examination of gender differences using distribution - m windle gm barnes j welte journal of personality and social psychology 1989.0 
estimating the selectivity of spatial queries using the â ?? correlationâ ?? fc belussia proc . 21st international conference on very large data bases & hellip ;  
marylandâ ?? s forests : a health report . maryland department of natural resourcesâ ?? forest service ec schwaab l alban j riley r rabaglia ke md  
a syntax-directed approach to inverse compilation cr hollander proc .  
differential files : their application to the maintenance of large databases dg severance gm lohman acm transactions on database systems 1976.0 
wavelength converter sharing in a wdm optical packet switch : dimensioning and performance issues v eramo m listanti computer networks 2000.0 
civil forfeiture and the war on drugs : lessons from economics and history dj boudreaux ac pritchard san diego law review 1996.0 
determination of air brake adjustment from air pressure data ld kandt pg reinhall rr scheibe proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ; 2001.0 
set theory f hausdorff   
intra-transaction concurrency control and the nt/pv model hf korth gd speegle  1990.0 
instantaneous frequency and amplitude of vibrato in singing voice ieeexplore.ieee.org   
the distributed human neural system for face perception jv haxby ea hoffman mi gobbini   
the worldinfo assistant : an application for spatio-temporal information integration on the web jl ambite ca knoblock mr kolahdouzan m muslea 27th international conference on very large data bases (  
energy efficiency indexing on air t imielinski s viswanathan br badrinath proceedings of the international conference on sigmod  
physical programming : software you can touch j montemayor proceedings of acm sigchi acm press 2001.0 
touch and goâ ?? designing haptic feedback for a hand-held mobile device so ` modhrain bt technology journal 2004.0 
querying and mining data streams : you only get one look a tutorial mn garofalakis j gehrke r rastogi sigmod conference 2002.0 
stewardship of resources for private higher education . dr moore new directions for higher education 1986.0 
querying in highly mobile distributed environments i tomasz r badrinath 8 thinternational conference on very large databases  
model 241/243/244 splitbeam digital echo sounder system operatorâ ?? s manual version 1.8 ht inc hydroacoustic technology inc. seattle washington  
a high luminance and high luminous efficiency ac-pdp using high xe-content gas mixtures t yoshioka a miyakoshi a okigawa e mizobata k proc . int . display worshop  
surpassing the love of men : romantic friendship and love between women from the renaissance to the l faderman   
information sharing across private databases r agrawal av evfimievski r srikant   
alli : an information integration system based on active logic framework aa barfourosh hrm nezhad m anderson d perlis & hellip ; of the third international conference on management & hellip ;  
neurophysiological basis of the kluver-bucy syndrome : responses of monkey amygdaloid neurons to t ono h nishijo see aggleton  
case implementation : accounting for the human element gfn corbitt j ron information and software technology 1991.0 
a-6020 innsbruck m spetea   
microsoft windows 3.1 k jamsa microsoft  
linking web servers with live data ds linthicum pc magazine  
altalt : combining the advantages of graphplan and heuristics state search r sanchez x nguyen s kambhampati   
balancing push and pull for data broadcast s acharya m franklin s zdonik sigmod conference 1997.0 
escaping the asylum : when freedom is a crime gh morris san diego law review 2003.0 
dehydrogenase enzyme histochemistry on freezedried or fixed resin-embedded tissue gi murray md burke swb ewen the histochemical journal 1988.0 
lessons from wall street : case studies in configuration tuning and distribution d shasha proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1997.0 
partitioning dependence in nonstationary behavioral sequences n oden see hazlett  
encrypting file system in windows xp and windows server 2003 d cross  2002.0 
approximate frequency counts over data streams g singh manku r motwani & hellip ; international conference on very large data bases hong kong  
efficient compilation of lazy evaluation t johnsson   
detour chromatic numbers m frick f bullock discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2001.0 
a comparison of two approaches to a class of japanese constructions n hasegawa ms. university of washington seattle washington  
dj dewitt and jf naughton ( 1993 ) '' the oo7 benchmark mj carey proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
feature interaction : a critical review and considered forecast m calder m kolberg eh magill s reiff-marganiec computer networks 2003.0 
the high frequency spectra of the elements hgj moseley phil . mag  
it and the competency elolnt ~ - _ qkil ] v ~ ienn ~ locltro aw goldsworthy am ~ jnr  
the dream of e-commerce : reality in 1999 b levine electronic news  
seer summary staging manual-2000 : codes and coding instructions national cancer institute nih pub . jl young jr sd roffers lag ries ag fritz aa md  
of objects and databases : a decade of turmoil mj carey dj dewitt vldb 1996.0 
exploring windows nt executable files r duncan pc  
viroids in australian citrus mr gillings p broadbent bi gollnow c lakeland proc . int . conf . citriculture  
a familial syndrome of maldevelopment of the brain polycystic kidneys congenital tapetoretinal m arima k ono k hisada t handa no to hattatsu  
when sex is hot and when its not : for women do attachments matter lc miller sa fishkin c gonzales-tumey s unpublished manuscript  
moving object surveillance and analysis of camera-based security systems j freer   
interventions for basal cell carcinoma of the skin f bath j bong w perkins h williams cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
infrared and chemical studies on algal polysaccharides dj stancioff nf stanley proc . int . seaweed symp  
why does n't eda get enough respect ? ar newton proceedings of the 2000 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;  
on the generation of spatiotemporal datasets y theodoridis jro silva ma nascimento   
toward culturally sensitive theories of culture change al wilkins wg dyer jr the academy of management review 1988.0 
the mglur2/3 agonist ly379268 attenuates reinstatement of heroin and sucrose seeking induced by re jm bossert sy liu y shaham  2004.0 
leap : implementing a welfare initiative to improve school attendance among teenage parents d bloom h kopp d long d polit new york : manpower demonstration research corporation  
approximatemediansandother quantilesinonepass and with limited memory gs manku s rajagopalan bg lindsay proceedings of acm sigmod  
balancing pushand pullfordata broadcast s acharya m franklin s zdonik inproceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
calpain upregulation in spinal cords of mice with 1-methyl-4-phenyl-1 2 3 6-tetrahydropyridine ( sk ray gg wilford sf ali nl banik annals-new york academy of sciences 2000.0 
virtual reality l von schweber pc magazine  
obstacles hinder it portfolio management t hoffman computerworld  
losing runs in bernoulli trials dw boyd unpublished manuscript  
self-tuning histograms : building histograms without looking at data aa ac s chaudhuri proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
er timi-19 : testing the reality of prehospital thrombolysis cp cannon aj sayah rm walls journal of emergency medicine 2000.0 
the influence of growth conditions on the composition of gainasp grown by gas-source molecular beam k tappura t hakkarainen k rakennus m hovinen h oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
differential les : their application to the maintenance of large databases dg severance gm lohman acm transactions on database systems  
models of distribution of pollutants in the air j straszko la paulo a witkowski environment protection engineering 1996.0 
notes on database operating systems jn gray lecture notes in computer science .  
generating spatiotemporal datasets on the www . acms anthology sigmod record 2000.0 
supernova neutrinos ( abstract only ) j peltoniemi oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
beta blocker toxicity after overdose : when do symptoms develop in adults ? jn love journal of emergency medicine 1994.0 
the vicissitudes of mood measurement : effects of varying descriptors time frames and response d watson journal of personality and social psychology 1988.0 
globalization institutional evolution and the australian federation tj courchene see galligan  
undergraduate obstetrics and gynaecology ( 3 rdedition ) oxford : butterworth-heinemann m hull d joyce g turner p wardle isbn  
japan loves wireless a cohen pc magazine  
assessment of seismic and infrasound signals in korea with ground truth b stump ms jun c hayward js jeon iy che sm   
one small candle : the true story of alina and leo bacall l murphy unpublished  
liberal education and professional programs : conflict coexistence or compatibility ? . j stark new directions for higher education 1987.0 
misuse of the emergency department by the elderly population : myth or reality ? dj eagle e rideout p price c mccann journal of emergency nursing 1993.0 
fast search in main memory databases aa ap s pramanik proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
characterization of ulpa filters r wepfer icccs90 zurich switzerland  
interannual variability of carbon dioxide and water vapor fluxes above a boreal aspen forest z chen proceedings of the 23rd conference on agricultural and & hellip ;  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?the bucky object relational benchmark '' mj carey dj dewitt jf naughton m asgarian p proceedings of the sigmod conference on management of data & hellip ;  
audio content analysis in video structure analysis h jiang hj zhang technical report microsoft research  
seabirds as monitors of changing marine environments rw furness dn nettleship proc int ornithol congr symp  
only you can prevent an mis shortage f withington computerworld  
'' spartan : a model-based semantic compression system for massive data tables s babu m garofalakis r rastogi acm sigmod record 2001.0 
beauty production at the cern proton-antiproton collider ( abstract only ) c albajar r kinnunen j tuominiemi v karimaki m oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
new criteria for the conceptual model w kent   
xml data management : go native or spruce up relational systems ? pa larson sigmod record 2001.0 
equi-depth multidimensional histograms m muralikrishna dj dewitt proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1988.0 
optimal histograms for limiting worst-case error propagation in the estimates of query optimizers y ioannidis s christodoulakis acm trans . database syst  
frankfurt am main 1995 e bochinsky   
taking into account of user tasks goals and behavior for the design of online public access nj belkin s chang t downs t saracevic s zhao d. hendersen proceedings of asis  
the trouble with communications b howard pc magazine 1993.0 
improving productivity of jobs programs e bardach  1993.0 
fostering collaboration r conflicts proc . acm intern . conf .  
college of education general education curriculum bs course a comm m greek n res sl lit ct   
the well-constructed webquest s kennedy social studies and the young learner 2004.0 
two conceptions of happiness : contrasts of personal expressiveness ( eudaimonia ) and hedonic as waterman journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
a reconsideration of baintonâ ?? s approach.â ?? h warâ ?? appeals w christianity  1991.0 
venus behind the clouds ( abstract only ) j raitala t tormanen k kauhanen proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
cure : an efficient clustering algorithm for large data sets s guha r rastogi k shim published in the proceedings of the acm sigmod conference  
causation and effectuation : toward a theoretical shift from economic inevitability to sd sarasvathy academy of management review 2001.0 
options for compliance with pollution control regulation : the relationship between abatement costs g mitchell   
j. davidson a. hench s. and olano tm : â ?? 3dm : a three dimensional modeler using a head-mounted ii butterworth proc . acm inteructibbe 30  
parallel programming models and boundary integral equation methods for microstructure electrostatics f traenkle  1993.0 
server version 4.0 nt windows  1996.0 
principles of operation : a practical primer adcp rdi-primer rdinstruments san diego  
epiploic appendagitis : the emergency department presentation el legome al belton re murray pm rao ra journal of emergency medicine 2002.0 
catalytic hydrogenation of co over the perovskite oxide yba 2 cu 3 o 7x g dursun jm winterbottom   
a flexible routing architecture for ad hoc space networks q cc shen s rajagopalan g borkar c jaikaeo computer networks 2004.0 
deferring destruction when reading unique variables j boyland submitted to iwaoos  
turbo-charging vertical mining of large databases . in 2000 acm sigmod intl p shenoy jr haritsa s sudarshan g bhalotia m conference on management of  
dependence on a horizontally adjacent cell discharge of addressing discharge time lag in ac pdp cell m makino e mizobata k toki proc . int . diplay workshop  
bg lindsay random sampling techniques for space efficient online computation of order statistics of gs manku s rajagopalan proc . sigmodâ ?? 99 int &#39; l conf . on management of  
pesto : an integrated query/browser for object databases v maganty vldb 1996.0 
why complicate frequency synthesis hw cooper electronic design  
future strategies for control of bovine tuberculosis b buddle proceedings of the 23rd seminar of the sheep and beef cattle & hellip ;  
treatise on the shift operator : spectral function theory nk nikol ` skii  1986.0 
chemistry of s-nitrosothiols d lyn h williams acc . chem . res  
energy efficient indexing on air t imielinsky s viswanathan br badrinath proc . of intl. conf . on managm . of data-acm-sigmod  
cognition emotion and motivation : the doctoring of humpty-dumpty rs lazarus jc coyne s folkman approaches to emotion  
the legacy of rip van winkle . ww jellema new directions for higher education 1986.0 
indexing on air svtibr badrinath proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod  
us department of energy headquarters germantown hq eh-21 bldg. 270 19901 germantown road j mckamy   
andj . f. naughton . the oo7 benchmark mj carey dj dewitt proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;  
survey : the challenges of mobile computing g forman j zahorjan ieee computer  
clinical effects of sodium ozagrel and urokinase in patients with acute cerebral infarction in the h itoh k yamatani n oshida m shioi m takaba h no to shinkei 1998.0 
contorting high dimensional data for efficient main memory knn processing b cui bc ooi j su kl tan proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
the siamang in malaya : a field study of a primate in tropical rain forest dj chivers contributions to primatology 1974.0 
programming the microsoft windows driver model 2âª ediã § ã # o w oney  2003.0 
leo å ? db2â ?? s learning optimizer m stillger gm lohman v markl m kandil the vldb journal  
effects of causative organism and presence or absence of meningitis on white blood cell counts in mw kline eob smith sl kaplan mi lorin journal of emergency medicine 1988.0 
influence of greenhouse warming on tropical cyclone frequency simulated by a high-resolution agcm j yoshimura m sugi a noda proceedings of the 23rd conference on hurricanes and & hellip ;  
automated statistics collection in action p haas m kandil a lerner v markl i popivanov proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
building a zero-latency enterprise b enslow r schulte gartnergroup inc. gartner analytics service report com-05 -  
calculating stack distances efficiently g almasi c cascaval da padua   
influence of speed of third-party intervention and outcome on negotiator and constituent fairness de conlon pm fasolo the academy of management journal 1990.0 
query processing in main memory database systems tj lehman mj carey proc . of the acm sigmod intâ ?? l. conf . on management of  
adaptive set intersections unions and differences ed demaine a lopez-ortiz ji munro   
approximate frequency counts over data streams m charikar k chen m farach-colton in proc . of 29th int . colloq . on automata languages and & hellip ;  
early estimation of software size in object-oriented environments a case study in a cmm level 3 m ronchetti g succi submitted for publication 1999.0 
querying in highly distributed environments t imielinski br badrinath proc . 18 thintâ ?? l. conf . on  
embedded systems : new approaches to their formal description and design a kundig re buhrer j dahler springer-verlag zurich switzerland ( march  
a simple method to stabilize the frequency of semiconductor lasers ( abstract only ) h ludvigsen c holmlund e ikonen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
finite elements in computational mechanics . vol . 1 t kant bombay india 2-6 dec. 1985 1985.0 
arvind . id : a language with implicit parallelism . csg memo 305 computation structures group rs nikhil  1990.0 
indexing trajectories of moving point objects d pfoser y theodoridis cs jensen vldb conference  
energy e cient indexing on air t imielinski s viswanathan b badrinath proc . acm sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;  
, a. sahuguet fabien azavant building light-weight wrappers for legacy web data-sources using w4f a sahuguet ecole nationale supã © rieure des tã © lã © communications paris  
seismic performance testing on wood framed shear wall n kawai procs . cib-w18 / 31 meeting  
disseminating updates on broadcast disks s acharya mj franklin s zdonik proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1996.0 
on hughes ' hp-problem ge wall proc . int . conf . theory of  
running an effective help desk : planning implementing marketing automating improving c barbara  1994.0 
inside microsoft windows ce j murray  1998.0 
the bucky object-relational benchmark ( experience paper ) mj carey dj dewitt jf naughton m asgarian p sigmod conference  
andd . schneider . anevaluationofnon-equijoinalgorithms d dewitt j naughton proc . int . conf . on very large data bases ( vldb )  
time-domain electromagnetics and its applications cl bennett gf ross ieee proceedings 1978.0 
get to telework . j halpin pc magazine  
on finding primal { and dual { optimal bases . rj 6328 ( 61997 ) n megiddo ibm almaden research center san jose california  
comparing hybrid peer-to-peer systems y beverly gm hector technical report stanford university stanford  
wrapper generation for semi-structured information sources n asish c knoblock acm sigmod  
human factors and typography for more readable programs rm baecker a marcus acm  
a ( 1994 ) : automated grading assistance for student programs ( panel presentation ) dg kay pc isaacson ta scott k reek proceedings of the 25 thsigcse technical  
spectral analysis of heart rate without resampling gb moody time  
culture : coherent or incoherent nj smelser see ref  
validation-directed specification of communications systems r probert k saleh y hua-long information and software technology 1995.0 
web serverworkloadcharacterization : the searchfor invariants mf arlitt cl williamson proc . of acm  
t.â ?? data warehouse configurationâ ?? ds theodoratos proc . 23 rdvldb conference greece  
the importance of long-range dependence of vbr traffic in atm traffic engineering : myths and bk ryu a elwalid proc . acm sigcomm  
optimizing for parallelism and data locality k kennedy ks mckinley proceedings of the 6th international conference on & hellip ; 1992.0 
studies of ice by means of radio echo sounding pe gudmandsen  1976.0 
asf : a practical simulation-based methodology for the synthesis of custom analog circuits k mj r phelps jr hellums ra rutenbar lr carley proc . acm . ieee iccad  
chromosome studies on salmonidae g svaerdson  1945.0 
truth and approximate truth in metric spaces ce ortiz  1997.0 
the csne ' ! ` name mrver . m solomon l landweber d neuhengen computer networks  
y2k : reality and myth mj miller pc magazine  
metabolism biological handbooks . federation of american societies for experimental biology pl altman ds dittmer md  
immune neglect : a source of durability bias in affective forecasting dt gilbert ec pinel td wilson sj blumberg tp journal of personality and social psychology 1998.0 
seeded grasses and temporary pastures as a complement to native range for beef cattle production eh mcilvain proc . 29th annu . mtg. am . soc . of range manage. omaha ne  
clusteringmethodsfortheanalysisofdnamicroarray data r tibshirani t hastie m eisen d ross d stanford university department of statistics technical report  
algebraic versus probabilstic independence in data bases f bancilhon n spyratos proceedings of the fourth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ; 1985.0 
participation of area postrema in cardiovascular control in the dog kl barnes cm ferrario cl chernicky kb brosnihan  1984.0 
analysis of n-dimensional quadtrees using the hausdorff fractal dimension c faloutsos v gaede proceedings of the 22th international conference on very & hellip ; 1996.0 
case studies . fe musiek ja baran mln pinheiro san diego singular  
for windows 95 v spss seattle : microsoft  
approaches to recovery-oriented computing a fox d patterson   
bayesian inference for non-gaussian ornstein-uhlenbeck stochastic volatility processes p dellaportas o papaspiliopoulos go roberts submitted for publication  
arand g. vattay on thepropagation of long-range dependence in the internet a veres z kenesi s moln proceedings of acm  
on shoring up persistent applications m zwillingâ ? ¦ proc . of acm sigmod  
method for performing measurements of heat radiation intensity and spatial distribution aa malâ ?? tsev ma malâ ?? tsev at .  
a social reasoning mechanism based on dependence networks c castelfranchi r conte y demazeau j sichman procs . of  
woodss and the web : annotating and reusing scientific workflows cb medeiros j perez-alcazar l digiampietri gz sigmod record 2005.0 
youâ ?? ve got dirty mail c lindquist computerworld  
the western canon : the books and school of the ages h bloom   
694 r no university of  
keyword searching in databases using banks g bhalotia b. tech . project report iit bombay april  
advanced technology seminar : application servers and associated technologies c mohan 19 thieee international conference on data engineering ( icde & hellip ;  
partial method compilation using dynamic profile information j whaley   
electronic resources for chinese studies in a global context p zhou electronic library 1996.0 
the bang file : a new kind of grid file m freeston   
using shared virtual memory for parallel join processing a shatdal jf naughton   
al ` intã © rieur de systã ¨ me de fichiers de windows nt h custer   
bedeutung organischer fraktionen in kommunalem abwasser im hinblick auf die mathematische u sollfrank dissertation no 8765 eth-zurich switzerland  
java tools get real rv dragan pc magazine-american edition -  
effects of straw polls on group decision-making : sequential voting pattern timing and local jh davis m stasson k ono s zimmerman journal of personality and social psychology  
polybrominated diphenyl ethers : distribution of tetra-and pentabromo-congeners in c57 bl mice po darnerud s risberg submitted for publication  
analysis of object oriented spatial access methods c faloutsos t sellis n roussopoulos proceedings of the 1987 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1987.0 
peer-to-peer harnessing the power of disruptive technologies c shirkey  2001.0 
opioid antagonists for alcohol dependence m srisurapanont n jarusuraisin cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
it departments face a lack of project management know-how . t hoffman computerworld  
toward a new era of leadership : the national identification program . d shavlik j touchton new directions for higher education 1983.0 
tap : a semantic web platform r guha r mccool computer networks 2003.0 
determination of selenium and tellurium in lead alloys by graphite furnace and hydride generation gj fox at . spectrosc. 1990.0 
acousto-optic signal processing - convolution and correlation wt rhodes ieee proceedings 1981.0 
green assessment of multi-product based on concordance analysis ys yang hw li j tong proceedings of 2001 international conference on management  
the bucky object-relational benchmark m asgarian mj carey dj dewitt j gehrke jf proc . acm sigmod conf  
modelling and analyse of hybrid dynamic systems s engell automatisierungstechnik ( at )  
in quest of insectresistant forest trees hd gerhold see ref  
a generalization of linear cryptanalysis and the applicability of matsui 's piling-up lemma c harpes gg kramer jl massey lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
boards of directors and firm performance : integrating agency and resource dependence perspectives aj hillman t dalziel academy of management review 2003.0 
study of native xml database systems cs report   
on detecting ancient admixture m nordborg see ref 2001.0 
acid-catalysed hydration of prop-2-en-1-01 and 2-me thylprop-2-en-1-01 : correlation of reactivity * t ai chem acc . chem . res 1977.0 
practical global-event-queue-based optimistic simulation algorithms with one backup state vector and sk prasad procs . the first international conference on parallel and & hellip ;  
a case for end system multicast ycs rao h zhang proceedings of acm sigmetrics 2000.0 
use of the personal digital assistant for point-of-care trauma documentation l eastes journal of emergency nursing 2001.0 
workplace learning as a cultural technology n solomon new directions for adult and continuing education 2001.0 
complexity of colored graph covers i. colored directed multigraphs j kratochvãl a proskurowski ja telle proceedings of the 23rd international workshop on graph - & hellip ; 1997.0 
wavelet-based neural net work with fuzzy-logic adaptivi ty for nuclear image restoration w qian lp clarke proceedings-ieee 1996.0 
standardizing communications and networks in the icu rm gardner wl hawley patient monitoring and data management conference . aami & hellip ;  
comprehensive analysis of heavy metal streams in pulverized coal-fired boilers taking into account c martel o rentz proceedings of the 23rd international technical conference & hellip ;  
comparing images using color coherence vectors [ a ] p greg z ramin m justin proceedings of acm  
single-shot spectral measurements of multimode pulsed dye lasers ( abstract only ) t kajava h lauranto r salomaa oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
mining associations between sets of items in massive database . r agrwal t imielinski a swami proc of the acm sigmod int &#39; i conference on management of & hellip ;  
learning to use evidence in the study of history v grim d pace l shopkow new directions for teaching and learning 2004.0 
automating decision guidance in a group decision environment m limayem g desanctis proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ; 1993.0 
benchmarking internet servers on superscalar machines y luo j rubio   
trees from glue : chemical biogeography of nasute termites bl bentley gd prestwieh t gush see ref  
volcanism and continentâ ?? island arc collision in the pentadaktylos range cyprus f baroz proc int oph symp cyprus  
portals : toward an application framework for interoperability ma smith communications-acm 2004.0 
of objects and databases : a decade of turmoil [ z ] jc michael jd david  1996.0 
enveloping computers and users in a collaborative 3d augmented reality a butz t hã ¶ llerer s feiner b macintyre c proc . iwar  
distributed multimedia transmission from multiple servers a majumdar r puri k ramchandran   
a source of durability bias in affective forecasting td wilson t wheatley jm meyers dt gilbert d journal of personality and social psychology 2000.0 
empirical evaluation of theories for buying and selling prices of binary gambles mh birnbaum s yeary rd luce l zhou submitted for  
internet pricing and the history of communications [ j ] o andrew computer networks  
log concavity and its applications m bagnoli t bergstrom  1988.0 
tamoxifen for relapse of ovarian cancer cj williams cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
campylobacter jejuni infection in a research worker associated with exposure to a poultry abattoir m toszeghy j shreeve a ridley g mead ja   
effects of altered responsibility cognitive set and modeling on physical aggression and e diener j dineen k endresen al beaman sc journal of personality and social psychology 1975.0 
radio k-colorings of paths g chartrand l nebesky p zhang discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2004.0 
welfare-to-work choices and challenges for states a after  1997.0 
m-tree : an efficient access method for similarity search in metric t ciaccia m patella p zezula proc . 23rd int . conf . on vldb  
monitoring and blunting : validation of a questionnaire to assess styles of information seeking under sm miller journal of personality and social psychology 1987.0 
private partnerships and public networks in europe federal trust report h cowie   
communications programming for windows 95 ca mirho a terrisse  1996.0 
application of dc transfer characteristics in the elimination of redundant vectors for transient s chandrasekar ti india v visvanathan gk   
s. muthukrishnan and mj strauss â ?? surfing wavelets on streams : one-pass summaries for approximate ac gilbert y kotidis proc . very large data bases conf  
n rand raveau b 1989 cnr rao acc . chem . res  
the air trac ow management problem with enroute capacities d bertsimas s stock operations research to  
inside microsoft windows 2000 3âª edi da solomon me russinovich  2000.0 
orientation dependence of the threshold displacement energy in copper and vanadium ea kenik te mitchell phil . mag  
cache conscious algorithms for relational query processing a shatdal c kant jf naughton proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1994.0 
there 's more to self-esteem than whether it is high or low : the importance of stability of self - mh kernis dp cornell cr sun a berry journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
programming for multiple monitors in windows 98 p modzelewski pc  
multidimensional access methods : trees have grown everywhere tk sellis n roussopoulos c faloutsos proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 1997.0 
semantic overlay networks a crespo h garcia-molina submitted for publication 2002.0 
risk precaution and environmental values s jasanoff   
nimda forces network shutdowns r field computerworld  
the family transition program : implementation and three-year impacts of floridaâ ?? s initial time - d bloom m farrell jj kemple n verma  1999.0 
performance simulation of brushless doubly-fed adjustable speed drives r spee ak wallace  1989.0 
more opportunity fewer women in it b cole-gomolski computerworld  
drainage in arid regions jh boumans   
integration of the big five and circumplex approaches to trait structure wkb hofstee b de raad lr goldberg journal of personality and social psychology 1992.0 
tracking set-expression cardinalities over continuous update streams s ganguly m garofalakis r rastogi the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
nodal analysis of circuits containing current conveyors ai rybin t dostal   
when project information flow becomes turbulent : toward an organizational reynolds number m fyall  2002.0 
findings from the cofhe studies . s montgomery new directions for higher education 1989.0 
clients servers and broadbandâ ?? making a big difference m russ ma fisher bt technology journal 2002.0 
influence of the correlation of experimental data on the error in evaluated neutron cross sections sa badikov ev gai ns rabotnov at .  
the humphrey institute : designing institutions of governance je brandl ge schuh new directions for higher education 2000.0 
advanced statistical methods in biometric research cr rao  1952.0 
tutorial : application servers and associated technologies c mohan sigmod conference 2002.0 
two-scale difference equation : local and global linear independence q sun unpublished manuscript 1991.0 
the end of shared governance : looking ahead or looking back r birnbaum new directions for higher education 2004.0 
no one in my group can be below the group 's average : a robust positivity blas in favor of anonymous y klar ee giladi journal of personality and social psychology 1997.0 
rethinking reengineering r cafasso computerworld  
techniques for speeding up range-max queries in olap data cubes ct ho r agrawal n megiddo jj tsay ibm research report  
caps-plasma spectrometer for the cassini spacecraft [ abstract only ] p tanskanen k mursula v kelha h huomo in its proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
global wires harmful r otten proc . int . symp . physical design 1998.0 
performance analysis of the general packet radio service c lindemann a thuemmler computer networks 2003.0 
the r + - tree : a dynamic index for multi-dimensional data t sellis n roussopoulos c faloutsos proceedings of vldb 1987  
from welfare to work among lone parents in britain : lessons for america ja riccio  1996.0 
when are methods complementary ? rf paige   
thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura presenting as bilateral flank pain and hematuria : a case report za qasim ra partridge journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
queries on two headed fast disks with smart track management using dynamic scans k deighton information and software technology 1997.0 
teaching project management through an information technology-based method k hingoranl cs sankar sw kramer project management journal 1998.0 
a multidimensional framework for conceptualizing human services integration initiatives el konrad new directions for program evaluation  
fast search in main memory databases a analyti s pramanik proc . of the acm sigmod intâ ?? l. conf . on management of  
improving end-to-end performance of the web using server volumes andproxy filters e cohen b krishnamurthy j rexford proc . acm  
comparison of cache and scratch-pad based memory systems with respect to performance r banakar s steinke b lee m balakrishnan p area and energy consumption '' tr  
some host/parasite relationships between norway spruce ( picea abies ) and fomes annosus l dimitri see ref  
computer system monitors gj nutt ieee computer  
completion of a set of rules modulo a set of equations jp jouannaud h kirchner proceedings of the 11th acm sigact-sigplan symposium on & hellip ; 1984.0 
building a convincing test of a public housing employment program using non-experimental methods hs bloom new york : manpower demonstration research corporation  
periodic behaviour in timed systems with and or causality . part i : systems of dimension 1 and 2 j gunawardena technical report department of computer science stanford  
lieberman to push punitive measure f say san  
solutions for three regression problems commonly found in meteorological data analysis dw meek jh prueger proceedings of the 23rd conference on agricultural forest & hellip ;  
do it by numbers rw bemer proc . acm nat . conf  
maternal antigen avoidance during lactation for preventing atopic disease in infants of women at ms kramer cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
energy efficient indexing on air rutgers university t imielinski s viswanathan br badrinath international conference on management of data acm sigmod & hellip ;  
on structured singular values of reciprocal matrices s yamamoto h kimura   
tutorial : text dominated databases theory practice and experience gh gonnet proceedings of the acm sigact sigmod symposium on principles & hellip ; 1994.0 
workstation 3.51 product overview 1995 nt windows microsoft  
a data modeling tool where associations come alive bk ehlmann proc . 21st iasted int &#39; l conf . modelling identification and & hellip ;  
positron annihilation in chemistry oe mogensen  1995.0 
odd and residue domination numbers of a graph y caro wf klostermeyer jl goldwasser discussiones mathematicae graph theory 2001.0 
beyond pm 101 : lessons for managing large development programs ak graham project management journal 2000.0 
thomas pynchon 's multiple absurdities d hausdorff wisconsin studies in contemporary literature 1966.0 
toward building more effective learning environments . r hiemstra new directions for adult and continuing education 1991.0 
spaces of citizenship : an introduction j painter c philo political geography 1995.0 
characterisation of a fast cmos imaging sensor for high speed laser detections b casadei   
reviewing the research literature : you do n't have to do it alone j koziol-mclain p tanabe journal of emergency nursing 1996.0 
metrics and software structure ne fenton aa kaposi information and software technology 1987.0 
lessons from wall street : case studies in database tuning configuration and replication d shasha proc . 1997 acm sigmod  
get ready for agile methods with care b boehm   
nt 5.0 and beyond mj miller pc magazine nov  
a functional framework for web-based information visualisation systems m berder r klein a disch a ebert ieee transactions on visualization and computer graphics  
bayesian imitation learning in a robotic head ap shon db grimes cl baker rpn rao nips ( demonstration track )  
linbo thin '' lm grown by lpmocvd using-diketonate metal organic complexes sc jung n imaishi hc park proceedings of 13th international conference on c < d  
comparing dos and os/2 file systems r duncan pc magazine  
switching from a primal { dual newton algorithm to a primal { dual ( interior ) simplex { algorithm . rj n megiddo ibm almaden research center san jose california  
smallest enclosing disks ( balls and ellipsoids ) e welzl lecture notes in computer science 1991.0 
emmerce yourself m brandel a alper   
san vs. nas : do n't get hustled j seymour pc magazine  
control of insulin secretion by catecholamines stress and the sympathetic nervous system d porte rp robertson federation proceedings 1973.0 
inside microsoft windows 2000 chapter 12 : file systems da solomon me russinovich  2000.0 
the stress distribution in a long circular cylinder when a discontinuous pressure is applied to the c tranter jw craggs phil . mag  
data staging for on-demand broadcast d aksoy mj franklin s zdonik proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2001.0 
toward systems ecology ap sage ieee computer 1998.0 
discontinuous trajectories optimality in the nonlinear optimal control problems g kolokolnikova procs of 13th world congress of the ifac  
inside windows nt ( microsoft programming series ) da solomon  1998.0 
greening disease of citrus in the deccan trap country and its relationship with the vector sp capoor dg rao sm viswanath see ref  
an analysis of bgp convergent properties it gri & g wiifong proc . acm sigcomm  
distance-basedindexing for high dimensional metric spaces tbm ozsoyoglu proc . of sigmod  
galaxy-ii : a reference architecture for conversational system development s seneff e hurley   
signal-dependent nonlinearities for physical models using time-varying fractional delay filters v vã $ limã $ ki t tolonen m karjalainen   
dj 1996 . of objects and databases : a decade of turmoil mj carey t dewit   
model-based motion estimation for synthetic animations m agrawala ac beers n chaddha   
balkan ghosts . a journey through history rd kaplan   
hope : an efficient parallel fault simulator for synchronous sequential circuits hklds ha proc . 29th dac  
jet al. multimedia storage servers : a tutorial d gemmed ieee computer  
vestibulo-ocular relations b cohen see ref  
motivated skepticism : use of differential decision criteria for preferred and nonpreferred ph ditto df lopez journal of personality and social psychology 1992.0 
multiple mammalian proteasomal atpases but not proteasome itself are associated with tata-binding y makino t yoshida s yogosawa k tanaka m genes to cells 1999.0 
measurements of the low wavenumber wall pressure spectral density during transition on a flat plate cj gedney p leehey  1984.0 
cautious controller tuning rr bitmead bdo anderson m gevers lc kammer submitted for publication  
a survey of indexing techniques for moving object trajectories oi abdul-matin on waterloo   
unintended effects in using learning technologies a herrmann r fox a boyd new directions for adult and continuing education 2000.0 
growth rates and genetic parameters of loblolly pine in southern brazil gr hodge d chaves am moreira proceedings of the 25 thbiennial southern forest tree & hellip ;  
trajectories of sinking particles in the sargasso sea : modeling of statistical funnels above deep - da siegel wg deuser deep-sea research i 1997.0 
the007 benchmark m carey d dewitt j naughton 1993 acm sigmod international conference on management of  
the relationship between personality anger expression and perceived family control among cj coles af greene ho braithwaite adolescence-san diego - 2002.0 
the history of fortran j backus history of programming languages  
the r ã ? - tree : a dynamic index for multidimensional objects t sellis n roussopoulos c faloutsos proceedings of 13th international confernece on  
origins of the apt language for automatically programmed tools dt ross history of programming languages 1978.0 
the bucky object-relational benchmark dj dewitt m carey j naughton m asgarian j  1997.0 
universality of serial histograms ye ioannidis vldb 1993.0 
enabling component model java other internet technologies raise the stakes in the effort to smooth p fischer application development trends 2000.0 
teaching about native americans . k harvey social studies and the young learner 1992.0 
self-tuning histograms : building histograms without looking at data a aboulnaga s chaudhuri sigmod conference 1999.0 
function of a116v-mirp1 a missense mutation associated with acquired arrhythmia f sesti gw abbott j wei dm roden alj george  1999.0 
the search for a model of healthcare-an analysis of the history and prospects as seen in the uk b cohen b molteno conf . procs . of the  
attribution of responsibility and valence of success and failure in relation to initial confidence nt feather journal of personality and social psychology 1969.0 
catalytic asymmetric synthesis t katsuki ojima i  
models of attention in computing and communication : from principles to applications e horvitz c kadie t paek d hovel communications-acm 2003.0 
m. and kandil leo-db2 's learning optimizer m stillger gm lohman v markl proc of 27th vldb  
goâ `` sele u. and mughrabi h. 1981 u essmann phil .  
surgical sealant for preventing air leaks after pulmonary resections in patients with lung cancer r rami m mateu cochrane database syst rev 2001.0 
towards e ective and e cient free space management ml mcauliffe mj carey mh solomon proc . of the acm sigmod seiten  
the type concept in office document retrieval f barbic f rabitti vldb  
toward autonomic computing with db2 universal database d zilio ibm canada sigmod record 2002.0 
support seeking and support giving within couples in an anxiety-provoking situation : the role of ja simpson ws rholes js nelligan journal of personality and social psychology  
classification of 2 and 3 dimensional mds codes for 4â ? $ qâ ? $ 32 g keri   
finite element analysis of multimode cavities with coupled electrical and thermal fields dc dibben ac metaxas proc . 29th impi microwave power  
the new hope offer : participants in the new hope demonstration discuss work family and self - d benoit  1996.0 
reflecting on the ethics and values of our practice ra smith new directions for teaching and learning 1996.0 
random sampling techniques for space efficient online computation of order statistics of large gs manku s rajagopalan bg lindsay sigmod conference 1999.0 
turbo-charging vertical mining of large databases p shenoy jr haritsa s sudarshan g bhalotia m sigmod conference 2000.0 
univeratility of serial histograms y ioannidis proceedings of the 19th vldb conference  
of xml and databases : where 's the beef ? m carey sigmod record 2000.0 
excuse me but are you human ? y rui z liu proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ; 2003.0 
toward recovery-oriented computing a fox vldb 2002.0 
0 . ) and smith bl 1960 go jones phil . mag  
final report on floridaâ ?? s initial time-limited welfare program d bloom jj kemple p morris s scrivener n verma   
source characteristics petrogenesis and evolution of the lile-enriched granitic terrain of the mv subba rao v divakara rao v balaram t proc . 28th annual convention and the seminar on â ?? & hellip ;  
high-spin states in cd-109 ( abstract only ) s juutinen p ahonen j hattula r julin j oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
disease in canadian amphibian populations gj crawshaw see ref  
face recognition based on depth and curvature features gg gordon   
compiling for concurrency : planning and performing software thread integration ag dean proceedings of the 23rd ieee real-time systems  
hybrid learning algorithm for gaussian potential function networks cl chen   
dynamic adaptive windows for high speed data networks d mitra jb seery proc . acm  
biology data book 2nd ed . vol . iii . federation of american societies for experimental biology pl altman ds dittmer md  
energy transfer and shock wave generation at the collision of laser-driven macroparticle t pisarczyk s borodziuk nn demchenko sy guskov proc . 28th eclim  
consulententeams voor mensen met een verstandelijke handicap en ernstig probleemgedrag gja kramer mcj barnhard j schouten  1997.0 
rage in the workplace m solomon computerworld  
consciousness and learning : new and renewed approaches . m boucouvalas new directions for adult and continuing education 1993.0 
linkage studies in a four generation family with x-linked hydrocephalus associated with flexed index kj friedmanâ ? ¦ proceedings of the 23rd annual march of dimes clinical  
schachner m singer w ( 1996 ) : n-cam 180 in the postnatal development of cat visual cortex : an jam delius i kramer   
the normal incidence grating inverse photoemission spectrometer in the energy range 8-28 ev ( abstract t ollonqvist l saisa j vayrynen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
cycloidal propulsion in air . fk kirsten  1935.0 
user-oriented smart-cache for the web : what you seek is what you get ! - group of 4 & raquo ; z lacroix a sahuguet r chandrasekar proceedings of the 1998 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ; 1998.0 
politics of strategic decision making in high-velocity environments : toward a midrange theory km eisenhardt ljb iii the academy of management journal 1988.0 
authoritarianism and attitudes toward high achievers nt feather journal of personality and social psychology 1993.0 
hydrogen energy futures : scenario planning by the us doe hydrogen technical advisory panel j ohi & hellip ; world hydrogen energy conference montreal canada june  
the challenges in building a carrier-scale ip network pj willis bt technology journal 2000.0 
an integrated approach to communications switching dj mcauliffe proc . int &#39; l comm . conf  
corticotropin-releasing factor : effects on the autonomic nervous system and visceral systems mr brown la fisher fed proc 1985.0 
querying in highly distributed environments t imielski br badrinath proc . 18th vldb conf  
pstore : a secure peer-to-peer backup system c batten k barr a saraf s trepetin   
cords : automatic generation of correlation statistics in db2 if ilyas v markl pj haas pg brown a aboulnaga proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
integrated ferroelect r macquart bj kennedy ba hunter cj howard y  2002.0 
emotions in infancy : regulators of contact and relationships with persons c trevarthen approaches to emotion  
asymmetric transesterification catalyzed by enzymes in organic solvents am klibanov acc chem res  
examination of fission frag m ent tracks with an electron microscope ech silk rs barnes  1959.0 
computer communications and learning bl bellman new directions for teaching and learning 1992.0 
no. 101â ?? 116 at 9 ( 1989 ) s rep   
performing joins without decompression in a compressed database system n winterbottom sigmod record 2003.0 
secure accounting and auditing on the web m naor b pinkas www7 / computer networks 1998.0 
curriculum education and training about multimedia ea fox proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ; 1995.0 
the syntony quest : evolutionary vision for change in your world a laszlo unpublished manuscript  
you get what you donâ ?? t pay for m schrage computerworld  
the heartbeat considered as a relaxation oscillation and an electrical model of the heart b van der pol j van der mark phil . mag  
prolonged skin allograft survival in mice treated with flt3-ligand-induced dendritic cells and anti- tg markees ne phillips ej gordon rj noelle c transplantation proceedings 1999.0 
it implementation through the lens of organizational learning : a case study of insuror kt ang jyl thong cs yap   
energy efficient indexing on air t irniefinski s vishwanathan br badrinath ln proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;  
spartan : a model-based semantic compression for massive data tables s babu m garofalakis r rastogi acm sigmod conference  
pharmacokinetics of dr-3355 a new quinolone in healthy volunteers m nakashima t uematsu m kanamaru o okazaki s proc 28th icaac  
the physical and biological effects of high frequency sound waves of great intensity rw wood al loomis phil . mag  
citrus greening disease a serious limiting factor for citriculture in asia and africa b aubert proc . int . soc . citriculture  
cure : an efficient clustering algorithm for large database s guha r rastogi k shim proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data seattle & hellip ;  
presheaf models of constructive set theories n gambino submitted for publication 2004.0 
ph : a parallel haskell la arvind j hicks rs nikhil j stoy w williams   
formal aspects of concurrency control in long-duration transaction systems using the nt/pv model hf korth g speegle acm transactions on database systems 1994.0 
bv rybakov cross sections for the fission of th-232 u235 and u238 induced by 10-22 mev neutrons vm pankratov na vlasov at . energy  
incorporating holocaust education into k-4 curriculum and teaching in the united states . pull out 2 . hl sepinwall social studies and the young learner 1999.0 
introduction to a system for distributed databases jb rothnie pa bernstein sa fox n goodman mm acm trans . on database systems  
personal communications t lockery nathan hale high school . seattle washington  
the evolution of effective b-tree : page organization and techniques : a personal account d lomet sigmod record 2001.0 
on the immersion problem for 2 r-torsion lens spaces j gonzalez ta shimkus submitted for  
the development of civics values : an overview jj cogan p morrisâ ? ¦ international journal of educational research 2001.0 
models of respiratory phase-switching mi cohen jl feldman fed proc 1977.0 
processing olap queries in hierarchically clustered databases d theodoratos a tsois data & knowledge engineering 2003.0 
a taxonomy of organizational justice theories j greenberg the academy of management review 1987.0 
using caching cache indexing and differential techniques to efficiently support transaction time . cs jensen l mark n roussopoulos t sellis md  
acupuncture for bellâ ?? s palsy l he d zhou b wu n li mk zhou cochrane database syst rev 2004.0 
mayaquest : a student-directed expedition . r hefte social studies and the young learner 1995.0 
an experimental comparison of model-based clustering methods m meilä ? d heckerman machine learning 2001.0 
personality life events and subjective well-being : toward a dynamic equilibrium model b headey a wearing journal of personality and social psychology  
analysis of n-dimensional quadtrees using the hausdorff fâ ?? ractal dimension v gaede hu zu berlin s str   
the primacy of values and ideologies in human services evaluation w wolfensberger new directions for program evaluation 1981.0 
carey and al. shoring up persistent applications sb davidson as koskym proc . acm sigmod symp . on the management of data  
psychoanalytic studies ofthe personality wrd fairbairn i vistock  
research methods in education l cohen l manion   
severe steroid-responsive nephrosis associated with hypersensitivity dh sandberg cw bernstein rm mcintosh r carr j lancet i 1977.0 
the moral philosopher looks at values education . wa banner new directions for higher education 1980.0 
performance comparison criteria for atm switch models m becker al beylot computer networks 2000.0 
m-tree : an efficient access method for similarity search in metric spaces p ciaccia vldb 1997.0 
a taxonomy of wireless micro-sensor network models s tilak nb abu-ghazaleh w heinzelman   
evaluation of gritting strategies for high angle of attack using wind tunnel and flight test data rm hall ge erickson ch fox jr dw banks df   
etal 1998 a & a supp j bloom press ( procs . rome conference on  
if you are not a premier customer isatyown risk   
the bucky object-relational benchmark mj carey sigmod rec 1997.0 
xml-based flexible visualisation of networks : visual browser z neverilova p sojka  2005.0 
plasma : a planetary scale monitoring architecture d aksoy proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ; 2005.0 
experimental study on carrying shear force ratio of 12-storey coupled shear wall [ a ] s kenichi t masaomi k makoto m yoshiyuki procs . of 12th wceeauckland new zealand  
the island fox : a field study of its behavior and ecology ll laughrin  1977.0 
sound off ! is erp in trouble ? if this is trouble where can i get some j shepherd computerworld  
reconstruction and representation of 3d objects with radial basis functions jcc rkb jb cherrie tj mitchell wr fright bc mc proceedings of acm siggraph 2001  
isozymes of cytochrome p-450 that metabolize naphthalene in liver and lung of untreated mice k nagata bm martin jr gillette ha sasame   
preprocessing perceptrons and multivariate reference values p eklund l kallin westin  2003.0 
seeking outside help to facilitate renewal efforts . r hahn new directions for higher education 1985.0 
donâ ?? t scrap it wrap it ! a wrapper architecture for legacy sources mt roth p schwarz proceedings of vldb conference  
pryce and hall b bleaney pm llewellyn phil . mag  
challenges for spoken dialog systems spoken language systems group jr glass  1999.0 
structure and orientation of molecules chemisorbed on alumina : a tunneling spectroscopy study jt hall ph. d. thesis california univ. santa barbara. 1978.0 
numerical solution of two dimensional scattering problems using a transmission line matrix pb johns rl beurle proc . iee  
model-based reasoning for complex flight systems m balduccini m gelfond   
range sum queries in dynamic olap data cubes hg li tw ling sy lee zx loh cooperative database systems for advanced applications 2001 & hellip ; 2001.0 
rethinking risk financing s re  1996.0 
1996 . analysis of n-dimensional quadtrees using the hausdorff fractal dimension c faloutsos v gaede proc . 22nd int . conf . on very large data bases bombay  
users guide to lowtran-7 optical/infrared technology division . us air force geophysics laboratory fx kneizys ep shettle lw abreuâ ? ¦  1988.0 
accurate one pass decision tree construction r jin a goswami g agrawal   
attitude change and attitude attribution : effects of incentive choice and consequences bj calder m ross ca insko journal of personality and social psychology  
lessons learned about mentoring r boice new directions for teaching and learning 1992.0 
a taxonomy of indoor and outdoor positioning techniques for mobile location services v zeimpekis gm giaglis g lekakos   
new tools and old habits : the interactive searching behavior of expert online searchers using j koenemann r quatrain c cool nj belkin md  
finite element modeling in surgery simulation m bro-nielsen  1998.0 
stratigraphy of plioceneâ ?? quaternary deposits of baikal depression and main geological events vd mats ga vorobyova sm popova mk shimaraeva quaternary : stratigraphy . proc 28th igc . nauka moscow  
the velocity of sound in liquids at high frequencies by the sonic interferometer jc hubbard al loomis phil . mag  
scrap your boilerplate : a practical design pattern for generic programming r lammel sp jones   
spectral classificatoin of comets j bouska study of comets proceedings of iau colloq . 25 held in & hellip ; 1976.0 
is there a preference-shaping effect of law p funk  2002.0 
stability of the optimal design with respect to inaccurate solution of the nonlinear state problem c stangl   
pearls of wisdom for your emergency medicine rotation b lubavin m phelps journal of emergency medicine 2001.0 
knowledge-based geological visualisation using avs im brown mj herbert   
approximate similarity queries : a survey p ciaccia m patella   
improving register allocation for subscripted variables d callahan s carr k kennedy   
subclinical mastitis in denmark 1991â ?? 1994 a huda proceedings of the 23rd international dairy federation & hellip ;  
highlights of material research for optoelectronics in the eighties trends and challenges for the m razeghi oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
design criteria for rock fill spillways a rathgeb   
substrate and plasma heating within high frequency pulsed-dc magnetron sputtering applications l mahoney g mcdonough d carter g roche h walde 46th avs international symposium seattle washington usa & hellip ;  
matrix transpose on meshes with wormhole and xy routing ct ho   
recovery of yellow-poplar ( liriodendron tulipifera ) embryogenic material following cryopreservation pm montello sa merkle proceedings of the 23rd southern forest tree improvement & hellip ;  
high temp . mater s mrowec k przybylski proc  
a dislocation reaction in the face-centred cubic lattice wm lomer phil . mag  
on automating web service description b benatallah mha leger c rey f toumani vldb journal v ( 14 )  
programming microsoft windows ce d boling  1998.0 
a statistical simulation model for correlated nakagami fading channels j luo jr zeidler   
a methodologic guide-line for the instalation of data base development tools and data administration hm quintella fr leao vldb 1979.0 
a robust optimization-based approach for approximate answering of aggregation queries s chaudhuri g das v narasayya proc .  
metropolitan state university . rc fox ls harvey new directions for higher education 1993.0 
analysis of plasticizers and their metabolites in body fluids and infusates by stir bar sorptive hg wahl c peterfi a hoffmann hm liebich & hellip ; d28 proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on  
optical disks . d nadeau computerworld. 1983.0 
john zahorjan the challenges of mobile computing gh forman ieee computer  
journalism ethics d elliot de cohen santa barbara california : abc-clio  
new sampling-based summary statistics for improving approximate query answers . pages 331 -- 342 pb gibbons y matias  1998.0 
where to start a geometric walk l lovasz s vempala microsoft technical  
mice lacking smooth muscle calponin display increased bone formation that is associated with h yoshikawa s taniguchi h yamamura s mori m genes to cells 1998.0 
indexing on air t imielinski s viswanathan br badrinath proceedings of acm sigmod  
wal t. imielinski and a. swami . mining associa . t. ion rules between sets of items in large dat r agra proc . of the acm sigmod con-ferrncc on man agement of  
experimentelle analyse der mischungstruktur in turbulenten nicht vorgemischten flammen m flury  1999.0 
the exodus query optimizer g grã $ fe d dewitt proc . acm sigmod  
the th nieweg ho kapsenberg m langenhuysen jg : demonstration of igm cytomegalovirus-antibodies as an & hellip ;  
ã cents â ? ¬ å?of objects and databases : a decade of turmoil '' mj carey dj dewitt & hellip ; conferenceonverylargedatabases bombay india september  
can brown be green ? lessons from one university 's quest for environmental responsibility . j corless h ward new directions for higher education 1992.0 
explanation for optical frequency dependent polarization in blazars ( abstract only ) l valtaoja oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
the motion of a sphere in a viscous fluid hs allen phil . mag  
multidimensional access methods : trees have grown t sellis n roussopoulos c faloutsos   
integration fever m kennedy computerworld  
handhelds go to school d tatar j roschelle p vahey wr penuel ieee computer  
intravenous immunoglobulins for multiple sclerosis o gray gv mcdonnell rb forbes cochrane database syst rev 2003.0 
high frequency components recovery in music signals m brejl v sebesta radioengineering-prague - 1999.0 
im everywhere c metz j clyman m todd pc magazine  
â ? ³ formal model of correctness without serializability.â ? ³ acm sigmod international conference on h korth g speegle sigmod record  
query containment and rewriting using views for regular path queries under constraints g grahne a thomo   
looking beyond bakke . aw astin new directions for higher education 1978.0 
bodytalk and the bodynet : a personal information infrastructure personal information architecture o shivers  1993.0 
recruit with your head retain with your heart d foote computerworld  
case veterans say : look before you leap . r hamilton   
finite quantum electrodynamics g scharf  1995.0 
visualisation interactive dâ ?? information m hascoã `` t m beaudouin-lafon   
parasitic authentication to protect your e-wallet t ebringer p thorne   
personalize or perish af lã 1/4 di   
kernel k-means spectral clustering and normalized cuts is dhillon y guan b kulis   
protecting the pipe from malicious peers b cooper m bawa n daswani h garcia-molina submitted for  
the chain-length dependence test . mt stone jm heemstra js moore acc chem res 2006.0 
au coeur du systã ¨ me de fichiers de windows nt h custer  1994.0 
some radar observations associated with an operational convective cloud modification project pl smith jr miller conference on radar meteorology 22 nd zurich switzerland 1984.0 
a dise implementation of dynamic code decompression ml corliss ec lewis a roth   
theoretical studies ofproton transfers s schemer acc . chem . res  
the market price of risk and the equity premium : a legacy of the great depression ? t cogley tj sargent  2004.0 
network security private communication in a public world second edition c kaufman r perlman m speciner   
main chamber neutral pressure in alcator c-mod and jet cs pitcher   
an evaluation of two ten-year sediment budgets nahal yael israel ap schick j lekach physical geography  
organizational agent systems for intelligent enterprise modelling dj wu electronic markets 2000.0 
nonparametric extreme regression quantiles v chernozhukov unpublished manuscript  
evaluation of the main variables that affect citrus tristeza virus transmission by aphids m bar-joseph b roccah g loebenstein proc . int . soc . citriculture  
design criteria of an ipm machine suitable for field-weakened operation a fratta a vagati f villata proc . int . conf . electric machines  
censura forensis m hewett   
dispersal patterns of maternal polar bears from the denning concentration on wrangel island gw garner se belikov ms stishov vg barnes sa international conference on bear research and management  
procps monitoring tools f strauss o wellnitz  1998.0 
a case study : linking students across geographical and cultural distances sj romanoff new directions for teaching and learning 2003.0 
an age-associated decrease in the frequency of c4b ^ * q0 indicates that null alleles of complement gj arason j kramer annals-new york academy of sciences 2003.0 
rock mass classification using fractal dimension jr carr jb warriner proc . 28th . us rock . mech . symp. : balkema boston  
modelling of short term electricity prices hydro inflow and water values in the norwegian hydro l dueholm hf ravn   
experimental section ja goodenough k jorgensen s satterlee be acta acc . chem . res 1993.0 
the finite element method oc zienkiewicz   
information source selection for resource constrained environments d aksoy sigmod record 2005.0 
comparing machine learning and knowledge discovery in databases : an application to knowledge y kodratoff   
design of high gain fully-integrated distributed amplifiers in 0.35 âµ m cmos r amaya c plett   
what works in welfare reform : evidence and lessons to guide tanf reauthorization . gl berlin  2002.0 
use of a concluding process to assist grieving families . m williams journal of emergency nursing 1984.0 
the jyvaskyla ( finland ) k 130 cyclotron project ( abstract only ) e liukkonen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
subordination : articles and complementizers a szabolcsi approaches to hungarian  
retention of internal aqueous contents during fusion of semliki forest virus with liposomes g li p schoen jm smit lc bijl j corver k lin submitted for  
rising sun : imode and the wireless internet sj barnes sl huff communications-acm 2003.0 
grunwald. d. 1997 . performance issues of enterprise level web proxies c maltzahn k richardson proceedings of acm  
biophysical profile for fetal assessment in high risk pregnancies z alfirevic jp neilson cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
polynesian outliers : a study in the survival of small populations s black see ref  
r * optimizer validation and performance evaluationfor distributedqueries lf mackert gm lohman proc . 12th international conference on very large data bases & hellip ;  
optimal policy for batch operations : backup checkpoint reorganization and updating gm lohman ja muckstadt acm tods  
accounting market and subjective measures of firm performance : three sides of the same coin wg rowe jlj morrow jf finch unpublished manuscript  
organizational theories : some criteria for evaluation sb bacharach the academy of management review 1989.0 
quantitati6e seismicity of the aegean and surrounding area pm hatzidimitriou bc papazachos gf karakaisis proceedings xxiv general assembly of esc athens greece  
deaths associated with inappropriate intravenous colchicine administration ra bonnel ml villalba cb karwoski j beitz journal of emergency medicine 2002.0 
the aids knowledge base ; 1994 p cohen ma sande pa volberding   
services via mobility portals d ralph cg shephard bt technology journal 2001.0 
anew sql-like operator formining association rules r meo g psaila s ceri   
a wespi a-towards a taxonomy of intrusion-detection systems h debar m dacier computer networks  
progranuning windows c petzold  1990.0 
in vitro culture in forage grass improvement bv conger dj gray proc 28th grass breeders work planning conf ( in press )  
forest offences and impediment to forest resources conservation in akwa-ibom state es udo proceedings of the 25 thannual conference of the forestry & hellip ;  
an efficient clustering for large database s guha r rastogi k shim proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
the northwest federation of community organizations â ?? np center northwest job gap study â ?? seattle washington january  
real time cable tracking using texture descriptors a grau j climent j aranda proc . int . conf .  
high speed arithmetic in binary computers ol macsorley proc . ire  
quantitative assessment of druginduced change in ohc lateral wall mechanics n morimoto a nygren we brownell see ref  
a method for estimating the prevalence of disability from traumatic brain injury jl guerrero s leadbetter dj thurman g whiteneck submitted for publication  
apocrypha : making p2p overlays network-aware p ganesan q sun h garcia-molina   
educating street and homeless children in south africa : challenges of policy implementation m nkomo oa olufemi & hellip ; issue international journal of educational policy research & hellip ;  
peer-to-peer architecture case study : gnutella network m ripeanu   
comparing hybrid peer-to-peer systems byh garcia-molina 27 thinternational conference on very large data bases  
evaluation and reform dk cohen new directions for program evaluation 1983.0 
food web structure at equilibrium and far from it : is it the same ? j michalski r arditi proceedings : biological sciences 1995.0 
the multicultural factor : a curriculum multiplier . m turkovich p mueller social studies and the young learner 1989.0 
the fl language manual j backus jh williams el wimmers ibm almaden research center san jose ca tech . rep. rj - & hellip ;  
hypothesized interdependence assumed independence wh glick kh roberts the academy of management review 1984.0 
the netherlands . a. vollhardt entwurf und bau einer frontend-steuerung fã 1/4 r das cip-upgrade projekt p semiconductors diploma thesis ( 2001 ) university of zurich switzerland  
principles for modeling language design rf paige js ostroff pj brooke   
balkan ( endemic ) nephropathy and a toxin-producing strain of â ?? penicillium verrucosumâ ?? var â ?? jm barnes pkc austwick rl carter fv flynn gc lancet i 1977.0 
fractal and perceptual images in info-ergonomics : in 1-stifac workshop on control applications and ga moskvin athens greece june  
the tacit dimension of knowledge organizations js dietz unpublished manuscript  
anaphylaxis caused by polymixin b sulfate and zinc bacitracin ointment ka fox journal of emergency nursing 1994.0 
encephalopathy associated with dengue infection hw sumarmo lancet i 1978.0 
mathematical control theory : deterministic finite dimensional systems ed sontag  1998.0 
p. and rama mri tham k. 1994 . synthesis of extended transaction models using acta n chrysa acm transactions on database  
offline and data stream algorithms for efficient computation of synopsis structures s guha k shim proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ; 2005.0 
a 1961â ?? 90 baseline climatology and future climate change scenarios for great britain and europe e barrow m hulme t jiang part i  
server 4.0 â ?? resource kit nt windows  1998.0 
application servers and associated technologies c mohan   
developing culture curriculum for native american children : the rough rock experience . g johnson  1981.0 
kit de ressources techniques windows 2000 professionnel l de rã?fã?rence  2001.0 
at home in the universe s kauffman   
application a dehon d utilization proc . acm international symposium on fpgas  
conflict management in higher education : a review of current approaches wc warters new directions for higher education 1995.0 
positive illusions about the self : short-term benefits and long-term costs rw robins js beer journal of personality and social psychology 2001.0 
disks on air s acharya m franklin s zdonik r alonso proc . acm sigmod  
imputation of missing values in dna microarrays t hastie o alter g sherlock m eisen r technical report . stanford : stanford  
supporting the evolution of workflow patterns for virtual communities h weigand electronic markets 2000.0 
evolutionary computation : toward a new philosophy of machine intelligence d fogel   
a and street ra 1975 nf mott e davis phil .  
of xml and databases : whereâ ?? s the beef p discussion mj carey acm sigmod conference  
who matters to ceos ? an investigation of stakeholder attributes and salience corporate performance br agle rk mitchell ja sonnenfeld the academy of management journal 1999.0 
surfing wavelets on streams : one-pass summaries for approximation aggregate queries ac gilbert y kotidis s muthukrishnan mt strauss proceedings of 27 thvery large data bases ( vldb ) conference  
energy efficient indexing on air t imiehnski s viswanathan br badrinath proc . acm sigmod conference  
a taxonomy and evaluation of dense two-frame stereo correspondence algorithms . ijcv 47 ( 1/2/3 ) : 7-42 d scharstein r szeliski microsoft research technical report msr-tr-2001-81 november  
multi-agent dependence by dependence graphs r conte j sichman procs . of  
l. tenney . aformalspecication andimplementation method for protocols tp blumer andr computer networks  
approaches to semantic representation b levin  1987.0 
tutorial on information visualisation m chalmers vldb conference  
a high speed airborne data acquisition and control system with an integrated digital computer wf trover & hellip ; telemetering conference washington d. c proceedings 1973.0 
on the velocity and mass of ions in the electric wind in air ap chattock phil . mag  
information portals : a strategy for importing external content p van brakel electronic library 2003.0 
solar thermal energy b everett see ref  
corporate e-ducation a cohen pc magazine 137 2001.0 
hardware vendors profit from integration push j vijayan computerworld  
s. zdonik disseminating updates on broadcast disks s acharya m franklin 22nd vldb conference  
water quality functions of riparian forest buffers in chesapeake bay watersheds r lowrance environmental management 1997.0 
research findings on the seven principles md sorcinelli new directions for teaching and learning 1991.0 
using literature studies to promote elementary social studies learning . tm mcgowan social studies and the young learner 1992.0 
model-based reasoning finds analog pcb faults k sierzega r rastogi electronic test  
voronoi-based k nearest neighbor search for spatial network databases mr kolahdouzan c shahabi proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ; 2004.0 
phylogenetic k-root and steiner k-root gh lin t jiang pe kearney lecture notes in computer science 2000.0 
safra . asub-constant error-probabilitylow-degreetest andsub-constant error-probability pcp r razands proc . of the 29th acm stoc  
object-relational database systems-principles products and challenges k kulkarni n mattos a nori  1997.0 
w ard a. andw ebster p. : the anatomyofa context-aware application a harter a hopper p steggles proc . ofthe acm/ieeemobicom  
hands/knees posture in late pregnancy or labour for fetal malposition ( lateral or posterior ) gj hofmeyr r kulier cochrane database syst rev 2002.0 
communications failure halts railroad j cope computerworld  
enterprise modelling-the key to integration aw scheer s spang proceedings of the 23rd isata wien  
ma 02140 usa tel : + 1 617 354 5800 1995 c street   
learning characteristics of stochastic-gradient-descent algorithms : a general study analysis and wa gardner signal proc. 1984.0 
windows 95 programmierung c petzold  1996.0 
approximate frequency counts over streaming data g manku r motwani proceedings of the 28th international conference on very & hellip ;  
classical thermodynamics and economic general equilibrium theory e smith dk foley   
energy exchanges and the general circulation fk hare geography  
classifying images of materials : achieving viewpoint and illumination independence m varma a zisserman lecture notes in computer science 2002.0 
a study to gather data for an accounting internship program for chippewa valley technical college bl thalacker  2001.0 
masked priming in the evaluation task : a switch from positive to negative priming due to speed - d wentura unpublished manuscript  
le positionnement de capteurs dans les systã ¨ mes industriels de grande dimension d maquin j fayolle m darouach j ragot proceedings of imacs congress villeneuve d &#39; ascq  
ife dry wall chamber physics issues si krasheninnikov   
querying in highly mobile environments t imielinski b badrinath 18th proc . vldb ( aug. .  
compaq : reality sinks in m hamblen k ohlson   
seeking explanations in soar sr haynes   
steganalysis of audio based on audio quality metrics b sankur n memon   
virus taxonomy fa murphy cm fauquet dhl bishopâ ? ¦  2002.0 
soot-a java optimization framework r vallee-rai l hendren v sundaresan p lam e proceedings of cascon  
internet pricing and the history of communications am odlyzko computer networks 2001.0 
assessment of content knowledge in the industrial enterprise practicum course at uw-stout rj locy  2000.0 
quantum chromodynamics fj yndurã ¡ in  1983.0 
stripes : an efficient index for predicted trajectories jm patel y chen vp chakka proc . acm sigmod 2004.0 
microsoft windows programmierung fur experten d solomon  1999.0 
efficient bundle sorting y matias e segal js vitter   
there are cracks but the glass ceiling is still mostly intact c marenghi computerworld  
autonomic index management s lifschitz mav salles   
homotopy algebras via resolutions of operads available as math m markl   
how welfare and work policies affect employment and income : a synthesis of research . d bloom c michalopoulos  2001.0 
comparing caching techniques for multitasking real-time systems cs.rochester.edu   
making connections with memory boxes a whatley social studies and the young learner 2000.0 
guiding principles for evaluators dl newman ma scheirer wr shadish c wye new directions for program evaluation  
photochemical and chemical studies on the chromophore of bacteriorhodopsin t schreckenbach d oesterhelt federation proceedings 1977.0 
quest : a project on database mining r agrawal   
molecular recognition andchemistry inrestricted reaction spaces . photophysicsand photoinduced n turro acc . chem . res  
homology studies on insect egg systems g krause see ref  
developing and maintaining accelerated degree programs within traditional institutions wj husson t kennedy new directions for adult and continuing education 2003.0 
spectral representations of linear features for generalisation e fritsch jp lagrange lecture notes in computer science 1995.0 
graphcut textures : image and video synthesis using graph cuts v kwatra a schodl i essa g turk a bobick   
critical thinking : toward research and dialogue c furedy jj furedy new directions for teaching and learning 1985.0 
on the criteria for selecting the site of the annual sigmod conference rh katz acm sigmod record 1981.0 
dimension of the solution set for differential inclusions z dzedzej b gelman demonstration math  
endovascular repair of abdominal aortic aneurysms : where do we stand ? mh seelig wa oldenburg ag hakaim jw hallett a mayo clinic proceedings 1999.0 
practical aspects on a nd : yag laser robot for sheet metal welding q huang bym karnermo ho skoog & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry proceedings 25 th & hellip ; 1992.0 
studies on the distribution of calcitonin gene-related peptide-like and substance p-like s forsgren a bergh e carlsson le thornell the histochemical journal 1992.0 
a framework for information visualisation jb kennedy kj mitchell pj barclay sigmod record 1996.0 
a contingency model for the selection of decision strategies lr beach tr mitchell the academy of management review 1978.0 
university of washington a whiteley seattle washington . personal communication  
li 1 s photoionization and photoexcitation with satellites ( abstract only ) s aksela h aksela m levasalmi y furusawa a proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ; 1991.0 
giving legs to the legacyâ ?? web services integration within the enterprise j calladine bt technology journal 2004.0 
of rna editing and cytoplasmic male sterility in plants a araya d begu pv graves m hernould s litvak see ref  
use of the trousseau dilator in cricothyrotomy-a decade of experience in denver kj bramwell dp davis tv cardall e yoshida gm journal of emergency medicine 1999.0 
optimum commutation-current profile on torque linearization of switched reluctance motors ds schramm bw williams tc green proc . int . conf . electric machines  
the early history and characteristics of pl/i g radin history of programming languages 1978.0 
flow graph machine models in microcode synthesis ra mueller j varghese acm sigmicro newsletter 1983.0 
655 main street moncton new brunswick mc hall   
catalyzing private capital flows : do imf programs work as commitment devices a mody d saravia  2003.0 
scheduling support for concurrency and parallelism in the mach operating system dl black   
updates in a rule-based language for objects m kramer g saake   
apj d williams jf toland  1998.0 
mixed and hybrid finite element methods f brezzi m fortin  1991.0 
spinal deformation following multi-level thoracic and lumbar laminectomy in children . d bell j walker goâ ?? connor j orrel r submitted for publication  
investigating context-aware information push vs. information pull to tourists k cheverst k mitchell n davies proceedings of mobile hci 2001.0 
avtometriya al grokhol ` skii ã?l kashcheev no . i  
spectral representation in vision ( abstract only ) j hallikainen j parkkinen t jaaskelainen oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
feature identities descriptors and handles in interoperating geographic information systems : second p sargent zurich switzerland . springer verlag .  
ma 02140 usa tel : + 1 617 354 5800 2002 c street   
no panaceasâ ?? s atre   
gibbons and . matias . new sampling-based summary statistics for improving approximate query answers pb gm proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on  
automating daml-s web services composition using shop2 d wu b parsia e sirin j hendler d nau lecture notes in computer science 2003.0 
application of inorganic insulating materials in nuclear reactors na aseev at . energ  
cell based assays for the identification of selectively toxic compounds : novel dsb inducing hm dunstan c ludlow s goehleâ ? ¦   
the global forest products model : structure estimation and applications j buongiorno   
a million segments of oneâ ?? how personal should customer relationship management get ? nj millard bt technology journal 2003.0 
the branch and bound algorithm for a backup virtual path assignment in survivable atm networks k walkowiak   
educating the virtual architect . promise and reality j petricâ ? ¦ proceedings of ecaade conference weimar [ ed donath  
interface synthesis : a vertical slice from digital logic to software components g borriello l lavagno rb ortega proceedings of the 1998 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ; 1998.0 
which group ( ware ) are you ? l ulanoff pc magazine  
approximate similarity retrieval with m-trees p zezula p savino g amato f rabitti the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ; 1998.0 
bloom 's syndrome gene suppresses premature ageing caused by sgs1 deficiency in yeast sj heo k tatebayashi i ohsugi a shimamoto y genes to cells 1999.0 
shape coexistence in transitional ( 132 133 134 ) ba ( abstract only ) t loennroth p ahonen m carpenter c fahlander j oulu univ proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ; 1991.0 
risperidone versus typical antipsychotic medication for schizophrenia e kennedy f song r hunter a clarke s gilbody cochrane database syst rev 2000.0 
local network technology and the lessons of history jm mcquillan computer networks  
how to summarize the universe : dynamic maintenance of quantiles in intl a gilbert y kotidis s muthukrishnan m strauss conf . on very large databases ( vldb ) hong kong china aug  
rp3 performance monitoring hardware wc brantley kp mcauliffe ta ngo acm press new york 1989.0 
1 : programming with unicode p nt   
do story agents use rocking chairs ? km brooks   
undecidability of the reachability problem for o-minimal hybrid systems 2005 t brihaye   
maintenance of multidimensional histograms s muthukrishnan m strauss   
aggregate instability in the fixed-cost approach to public spending pa pintus  2003.0 
theory and development of a simple turbine as a prime mover for utilization of solar energy bs leo  1959.0 
jacquet r. & hirsh-pasek k. ( 1993 ) . lexical principles underlie verb learning rm golinkoff unpublished  
soil erosion in the west midlands : an act of god or agricultural mismanagement i foster s harrison d clark geography 1997.0 
linear prediction of speech jd markel ah gray   
