a database index to large biological sequences e hunt   mp atkinson   rw irving    
the family transition program : implementation and interim impacts of floridaâ ?? s initial time - d bloom   m farrell   jj kemple   n verma    
survival skills for graduate school and beyond new directions for higher education   ba fischer   mj zigmond  1998.0 
lohman . gm r * optimizer validation and performance evaluation for local queries lf mackert proceedings of sigmodâ ?? 86 . washington . may      
virtual communities of transaction : the role of personalization in electronic commerce p schubert electronic markets     2000.0 
nasal continuous positive airways pressure immediately after extubation for preventing morbidity in 2000.0 pg davis   dj henderson-smart cochrane database syst rev    
students in learning groups : active learning through conversation c bouton   ry garth learning in groups   new directions for teaching and    
process specification language : an analysis of existing representations   nistir 6160   national a knutilla   c schlenoff   s ray   st polyak   a tate   md      
understandittg activex and ole d chappell   
revisiting scholarship c kreberâ ? ¦ new directions for teaching and learning   no    
estimating dna sequence entropy jk lanctot    
contextual method for the re-design of existing software products r jones   n milic-frayling   k rodden   a blackwell    
personal communication p hunt  herpetologist   santa barbara   california    
implementing the earnings supplement project : a test of a re-employment incentive hs bloomâ ? ¦    
h instability and 1 = f noise in bipolar transistors z yiqi   s qing 28th annu . proc . int . reliability physics symp    
engineering applications of correlation and spectral analysis js bendat   a piersol  1980.0 
erp can magnify errors c stedman  computerworld    
an overview of web services security p kearney   j chapman   n edwards   m gifford   l he bt technology journal   2004.0    
a novel design technique for tuneable notch filters gw medlin    
ap & ss a bridzius   v vansevicius 2001.0    
semantic web recommender systems cn ziegler   
leadership and the research university . ss lipschutz  new directions for higher education   1985.0 
querying multiple features of groups in relational databases 1996.0 d chatziantoniou   ka ross proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
additive logisitic regression : a statistical perspective on boosting jh friedman   t hastie   r tibshirani  1998.0 
a majority consensus approach to concurrency control for multiple copy databases rh thomas acm transactions on database systems     1979.0 
integrating association rule mining with relational database systems : alternatives and implications / s sarawagi   s thomas   r agrawal  san jose   california   usa   marz    
manual for assessment of quality of object relations we piper   m mccallum   as joyce unpublished manuscript      
30 . pp edwards and mj sienko l francis acc . chem . res    
prolog session r hudson  history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   1996.0 
ole automation programmerâ ?? s reference d clark   1996.0 
aries/im : an efficient and high concurrency index management method using write-ahead logging 1992.0 c mohan proceedings of the 1992 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
singularity design motivation gc hunt   jr larus technical report msr-tr-2004-105   microsoft corporation   dec. .  
living in the feudalism of adult basic and literacy education : can we negotiate a literacy democracy ba quigley new directions for adult and continuing education   2001.0    
quantum groups proc proc . int . congr . math.   berkeley   vg drinfeld   
providing focus for financial management . new directions for higher education   1983.0 aj falender   
a survey of protein variation in populations of the pacific oyster   crassostrea gigas   92 pp . m. sci ne buroker thesis   university of washington   seattle   washington 1975  
a conceptual framework for the design of organizational control mechanisms wg ouchi management science   1979.0    
fuzzy logic in diagnosis : possibilistic networks '' invited chapter in fuzzy logic ( j. baldwin ) john m ulieru    
learning a word processing system with training wheels and guided exploration 1986.0 r catrambone   jm carroll acm sigchi bulletin    
biomass for greenhouse gas emission reduction task 4-6 : techno-economic characterisation of nd diamantidis   eg koukios  1999.0 
neural networks for identification   prediction   and control dt pham   x liu   1995.0 
small place   big money : the cayman islands and the international financial system . economic geography   sm roberts  1995.0 
j. cardiff-graphical interaction with heterogeneous databases - t catarci   g santucci  vldb journal   to be  
conclusion : what have we learned ? wb elley international journal of educational research   2001.0    
test challenges for deep sub-micron technologies tc kwang   d sujit proc 37th acm/ieee dac    
multimode spectral coding of speech at low bit rates a das   1996.0 
experiments on production of intense proton beams by charge exchange injection method . gi budker   gi dimov   vg dudnikov at . energ   1967.0 
low thrust ion propulsion : development activity at profiel tecnologie gf cirri   g matticari   g noci   g perrotta   mf ross proceedings of the 23rd international electric propulsion & hellip ;    
â ?? equations with two distinct masses hj bhabha phil . mag      
reading street names from maps-technical challenges g nagy   a samal   s seth   t fisher   e guthmann   k procs . gis/lis conference   cincinnati   oh      
calcineurin and the biological effect of cyclosporine and tacrolimus pf halloran   l kung   j noujaim transplantation proceedings   1998.0 
gb dom . focused crawling : a new approach to topic-specific web resource discovery [ j ] s chakrabarti   m van den ber computer networks      
responding to journals in a learning process tj fenwick 2001.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
on the spectral gap of the m/m/n / n queue unpublished manuscript   c fricker   p robert   d tibi   
coordinating mechanisms in care provider groups : relational coordination as a mediator and input management science   2002.0 jh gittell   
a model and a method for logical data base design vldb   a flory   j kouloumdjian   
converting relational to object-oriented databases 1997.0 j fong sigmod record    
top 20 montana m links   ny times   sc statutesâ ? ¦    
fluid-rock interaction and carbon recycling in subduction zones : evidence from stable isotope ge bebout   md barton  proc 28th int geol conf   abstract    
mohamed zc aã ¯ t. querying shapes of histories rb akkesh agrawal   g psaila   el wimmers   
w and neal we j 1970 nw grimes   jm pearson   r fane phil . mag    
a system for automatic personalized tracking of scientific literature on the web kd bollacker   s lawrence   cl giles    
examples of vlf emissions recorded in the auroral zone ( abstract only ) j manninen   t turunen   t turunen  proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ;   1991.0 
welfare time limits : state policies   implementation   and effects on families . d bloom   m farrell   b fink   2002.0 
hb hunt m   '' processmg ccmjuncuve predwattes and quertes ' dj rosenknmtz m proc 6th internattonal vldb conference   montreal   canada   & hellip ;      
an adaptive automated web browsing ( tech report sidl-wp-1995-0023 technical report   dept. of computer science   stanford university ym balbanovic   y yun   
power-aware virtual base stations for wireless mobile ad hoc communications a safwat   h hassanein   h mouftah computer networks   2003.0    
palomar adaptive optics project : status and performance proc . spie   
on the destructive mechanical effects of the gas bubbles liberated by the passage of intense sound phil . mag   fd smith   
ignition and extinction of homogeneousâ ?? heterogeneous combustion : ch 4 and c 3 h 8 oxidation on pt x song   wr williams   ld schmidt   r aris proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on & hellip ;      
the notre dame long-range plan . to ` meara new directions for higher education   1984.0    
bearing capacities of the steel pipe piles subjected the plastic loading histories by the strong t matsuda   h akiyama   m kobayashi proceedings of the 25 thjsce earthquake engineering & hellip ;    
p. keleh er   h. lu   r. rajamony   w. yu   and w. zaenepoel . treadmarks : shared memory computing on ieee computer   c amza   al cox   s dwarkadas   
active cabin noise control cf ross   mrj purver proc . active97      
368 pp . $ 34.95 r press 2004.0    
implementation of an outdoor far-field measurement system at irctr proc . 28th european microwave conf   p aubry   p hakkaart   jh zijderveld   lp ligthart   
portal page bonanza zd publishing pc magazine    
inside ole . microsoft programming series k brockschmidt microsoft  
routing : on using the ad hoc network model in cellular packet data networks hy hsieh   r sivakumar proc . acm mobihoc      
location information from the cellular networkâ ?? an overview 2003.0 w millar bt technology journal    
arbitrary rectilinear block packing based on sequence pair mz kang   wwm dai proceedings of the 1998 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   1998.0 
fast similarity search in the presence of noise   scaling   and translation in time-series databases r agrawal   ki lin   hs sawhney   k shim 1995.0  vldb    
commit processing in distributed secure and real-time transaction processing systems pk nagaraj  1998.0 
acrophile : an automated acronym extractor and server ls larkey   p ogilvie   ma price   b tamilio   
workspace characteristics   cusp locations   and boundary crossing for general rrp regional structures pe riley   le torfason  proceedings of the 23rd biennial mechanisms  
leadership through professional associations . 1991.0 e shelton   wf spikes new directions for adult and continuing education    
inside ole ( version 2 ) b kraig 1995.0    
telephone line characteristic adaptation using vectorfield smoothingtechnique j takahashi   s sagayama proc . int . conf . on  
r * optimizer validation and performance for distributed queries l mackert   g lohman proc . of intl. conf . on vldb      
rough set-based dimensionality reduction for supervised and unsupervised learning q shen   a chouchoulas    
pure appl . chem . berg   h. schwarz m lown   he gunning   op strausz  acc . chem . res    
location aware   dependable multicast for mobile ad hoc networks s basagni   i chlamtac   vr syrotiuk  computer networks   2001.0 
optimal aggregation algorithms for middleware r fagin   a lotem   m naor    
three-dimensional electroanatomical mapping within the isthmus between the tricuspic valve and the h kottkamp   b anderson   y ho   g hindricks submitted for publication    
integrated multimedia publishing : combining tv and newspaper content on personal channels c soedergaard   m aaltonen   s hagman   m hiirsalmi    www8 / computer networks   1999.0 
perceptions of drug abuse resistance education ( dare ) : a review of select evaluations rp stengl  2000.0 
spectral theory of non-selfadjoint operators bs pavlov  proc . int . congr . math.   warszawa    
aries : a transaction recovery method supporting fine-granularity locking and partial rollbacks using acm trans . database c mohan   d haderle   b lindsay   h pirahesh   p   
a model for developing an outcomes assessment plan : the regents college outcomes assessment pe peinovich   ms nesler   ts thomas new directions for adult and continuing education   1997.0    
improved roi and within frame discriminant features for lipreading g potamianos   c neti   
relational database operators r fagin   n forms proc . acm sigmod conf . management of data      
finite state description of communicating protocols gv bochman  computer networks    
range queries in olap data cubes   in â ?? sigmodâ ?? 97 & hellip ; acm sigmod international conference on management of data   ct ho   r agrawal   n megiddo   r srikant   
spectral k-way ratio-cut partitioning and clustering - group of 3 & raquo ; pk chan   mdf schlag   jy zien proceedings of the 30th international conference on design & hellip ;     1993.0 
component technology k kroeker ieee computer    
on the parametrisation of functional projections in cp . a. schafer proceedings of the 23rd meeting of the north eastern & hellip ;   e hoekstra   
granularity of locks in a large shared data base j gray   ra lorie   gr putzolu   il traiger  vldb    
talking about money : public participation and expert knowledge in the euro referendum   cardiff r evans isbn      
read-onlytransactionsinadistributeddatabase h garcia-molina   g wiederhold acm transactions on database systems    
short group signatures d boneh   x boyen   h shacham lecture notes in computer science     2004.0 
outline form of structure rules provides essentials p babcock    
blessing in an intimate note to the sincere seekers ss ravi-shankar  1999.0 
best-effort cache synchronization with source cooperation sigmod conference   c olston   j widom  2002.0 
exporting a brs/search structured database to an access database on a web accessible windows nt proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1997.0 j meyer   c cooper   s normann   
automatic normalistation and entity : relationship generation through attributes and roles k meyer   j doughty acm sigmod record   1984.0    
transport mechanisms in the choroid plexus m pollay fed proc   1974.0 
bounded aggregation : offering a precision-performance tradeoff in replicated systems proceedings of the 26th international conference on very & hellip ;   c olston   j widom   
a lagrangian relaxation method for approximating the analytic center of a polytope   '' m kojima   n megiddo   s mizuno   
using schema matching to simplify heterogenous data translations t milo   s zohar proc . of international conference on very large data bases (    
efficient implementation of large-scale multi-structural databases r fagin   p kolaitis   r kumar   j novak   d sivakumar proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;   2005.0 
mining data streams : a review 2005.0 mm gaber   a zaslavsky   s krishnaswamy sigmod record    
p. schwar z. aries : a transaction recovery method supporting ne-granularity locking and partial c mohan   d haderle   b lindsay   h pirahesh  acm transactions on database systems    
us army corps of engineers we station    
fuzzy sets   fuzzy logic   applications   1995 world scientific publishing co g bojadziev   
an accurate model for analyzing wireless tcp performance with the coexistence of non-tcp traffic computer networks   2003.0 f hu   nk sharma   j ziobro   
qos requirements for a voice-over-ip pstn bt technology journal   g hunt   p arden  2005.0 
wic : a general-purpose algorithm for monitoring web information sources s pandey   k dhamdhere   c olston 2004.0  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
anisotropic plastic deformation of indium antimonide phil . mag   e peissker   p haasen   h alexander   
nestream : querying nested streams sigmod record   d chatziantoniou   a anagnostopoulos  2004.0 
precipitation in aluminum-copper alloys containing germanium additions ge thompson   b noble phil . mag.   1973.0    
neural networks for nonlinear internal model control kj hunt   d sbarbaro iee proceedings     1991.0 
static detection of security flaws in object-oriented databases sigmod conference   1996.0 k tajima   
scene organization using discriminant structural templates a torralba   a oliva proc . int &#39; l conf . computer vision      
database research at ipsi e neuhold   v turau acm sigmod record     1992.0 
rank/select operations on large alphabets : a tool for text indexing a golynski   ji munro   ss rao    
sql/med â ?? a status report 2002.0 j melton   je michels   v josifovski   k kulkarni   p acm sigmod record    
performance evaluation of carrier sense multiple access with collision detection f tobagi   vb hunt  computer networks    
organizational environments and the multinational enterprise pm rosenzweig   jv singh the academy of management review   1991.0 
why do citizens want to keep refugees out ? threats   fairness   and hostile norms in the treatment of wr louis   j duck   dj terry   r schuller   r lalonde unpublished manuscript    
microwave optics appendix i   s cornbleet   
long-term studies of vertebrate communities : academic press ml cody   ja smallwood san diego   california      
coordinating the water quality act of 1987 ht sansing water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;   1988.0    
fast time sequence indexing for arbitrary $ \ \ big . l_p \ \ bigr . $ norms proc . 26st vldb conf   bk yi   c faloutsos   
on b-tree indices for skewed distributions   hv jagadish vldb   1992.0 
characteristics of wide-area tcp/ip conversations proceedings of acm pb danzig   s jamin   r cã ¡ ceres   dj mitzel   d   
exclusion for composite objects j noble   d holmes   j potter   
a multi-group technique for data compression ka hazboun   ma bassiouni proceedings of the 1982 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;     1982.0 
three-dimensional image and mitochondrial distribution in sperm cells of euphorbia dulcis see ref   m murgia   hj wilms   
analysis and validation of continuous queries over data streams q jiang   s chakravarthy   
automated rich presentation of a semantic topic l lu   z li proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0    
reliable arrays of inexpensive disks ( raid ) d patterson   g gibson   r katz acm sigmod conference    
a fuzzy logic based language to model autonomous mobile robots procs . of the eighth ieee intl. conf . on fuzzy systems . & hellip ;   af gomez-skarmeta   h martinez-barbera   m sanchez   
use of lower minimum size limits to reduce discards in the bristol bay red king crab ( paralithodes je reeves noaa tech . memo . nmfs-afscâ ?? 20 . seattle   washington    
self-organising fuzzy logic control and application to muscle relaxant anaesthesia da linkens    
can components solve integration conundrum ? jd williams application development trends   2001.0    
school reform and the curriculum 1993.0 mf sikorski   t wallace   we stariha   ve rankin new directions for program evaluation    
computed tomography : an unreliable indicator of pancreatic trauma . r akhrass   k kim   c brandt  journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
harnessing user-level networking architectures for distributed object computing over high-speed rs madukkarumukumana   hv shah   c pu usenix windows nt symposium ( seattle    
evaluating the quality of entity relationship models s kesh information and software technology      
a case study of problems in migrating to distributed computing : page recovery using multiple logs in c mohan   i narang   j palmer ibm research report rj7343   ibm almaden research center      
recovery and the conspiracy of hope sixth annual mental health services conference of australia & hellip ;   p deegan   
plan for the jyfl gas-filled recoil separator ( abstract only ) m leino   j aysto   k eskola   p heikkinen   r julin   oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
nearest neighbor search in large metric space s brin proceedings of the 21th international conference on very  
development of videometric system for dynamic phenomena monitoring e tournas  2003.0 
gartner : most it security problems self-inflicted jc perez computerworld      
und lin   k.-i . ( 1995 ) . fastmap : a fast algorithm for indexing   data-mining and visualization of c faloutsos proceedings of the 1995 int . acm/sigmod conf . on management  
whoâ ?? s afraid of ownership types d clarke   j noble   j potter   
use of ground rubber tires in portland cement concrete na ali   ad amos   m roberts proc int conf concrete    
loss modeling and component selection for resonant pole inverters proc . 29th universities power engineering conf . d perreault   h martin   r selders   j kassakian   
and d. cutting . 1994 . recognizing text genres with simple metrics using discriminant analysis j karlgren procs .  
the schizosaccharomyces pombe mra 1 gene   which is required for cell growth and mating   can suppress f hakuno   da hughes   m yamamoto 1996.0  genes to cells    
automating the development and evolution of user dialogue in an interactive information system ai wasserman   d shewmake submitted far publication    
dimensionality reduction for similarity searching in dynamic databases rk kv   d agrawal   a el abbadi   a singh university of california at santa barbara   santa barbara   ca      
security and inference in multilevel database and knowledge based systems m morganstern proc of acm sigmod    
analysis of bse risk factors in the republic of argentina b canã ©   e gimeno   jc manetti   c van gelderen   e   1991.0 
use of computer-aided instruction in graduate nursing education : a controlled trial ep hoffer   ho methewson   a loughery   go barnett journal of emergency nursing   1975.0    
support for service composition in i3 proceedings of acm multimedia   oct   i stoica   k lakshminarayanan   k wehrle   
mammalian lymph in tissue culture from lymphocyte to   w bloom   
some theorems concerning slowly varying functions j karamata  university of  
learning concepts by interaction pr cohen   
soil catenas   tropical deforestation   and ancient and contemporary soil erosion in the peten   t beach physical geography     1998.0 
pcr protocols : a guide to methods and applications 1990.0 ma innis   dh gelfand   
risk factors and pathogenesis of posttransplant lymphoproliferative disorders m ho transplantation proceedings     1995.0 
windows internals : microsoft windows server 2003   windows xp   and windows 2000 m russinovich   d solomon  2005.0 
quadtree and r-tree indexes in oracle spatial : a comparison using gis data proceedings of acm sigmod conference   2002.0 rkv kothuri   
a2000 waste management monitoring report b nevada  area    
control of the energy distribution in vvã?r using offsetâ ?? offset diagram pe filimonov at .  
a semi-triangle-inequality for distances between shapes ibm research division   almaden research center   san jose   & hellip ;   r fagin   l stockmeyer   
hypergeometric functions unpublished ig macdonald   
beyond transfer of training : using multiple lenses to assess community education programs 1997.0 jm ottoson new directions for adult and continuing education    
an automated driver based on convergent vector fields proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   tj gordon   mc best   pj dixon  2002.0 
acute plastic bowing deformity : a review of the literature je aponte   a ghiatas journal of emergency medicine     1989.0 
positron-emission tomography and personality disorders pf goyer   pj andreason   we semple   ah clayton 1994.0  neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -    
do electronic site licenses for academic journals benefit the scientific community ? ct bergstrom   tc bergstrom    
the use of state tying in continuous speech recognition sj young   pc woodland  proc . eurospeech    
nâ ? ² dow   j. : urinary diversion and bladder reconstruction/replacement using intestinal segments for sm yong   n dublin   r pickard   dj cody   de neal cochrane database syst    
relationship between amplitudes of harmonics and intermodulation frequencies m callendar   
strukturnaya khimiya fakty i ss batsanov   
user-adaptive exploration of multidimensional data vldb   s sarawagi  2000.0 
new hope for low-income families : effects of a program to reduce poverty and reform welfare h bos   a huston   r granger   g duncan   t brock   v new york : manpower demonstration research corporation      
spectral analysis and discrimination by zero-crossings ieee   proceedings   b kedem  1986.0 
applications of fuzzy algorithms for simple dynamic plant eh mamdani  1974.0 
towards a framework for defining internet performance metrics v paxson proceedings of inet     1996.0 
prototyping dbs3   a shared memory parallel database system & hellip ; conference on parallel and distributed information systems & hellip ;   b bjã ¶ rn   c michel   v patrick   
biochemical mechanisms of pollutant stress rl heath  see ref    
pitch determination of speech signals : a fuzzy fusion approach a saffiotti   a soquet    
an algorithm for the stable fixtures problem rw irving   s scott  2003.0 
isolation of gps multipath and receiver tracking errorsâ ''   in proceedings of ion national technical san diego   january   m braasch   
programming applications for microsoft windows j richter    
continuous queries over data streams s balu   j widom   
efficient algorithms for discovering association rules h mannila   h toivonen    
observations   reflections   and speculations : what we have learned about the scholarship of teaching c kreber new directions for teaching and learning   2001.0 
widomj ( 2003 ) adaptivefiltersforcontinuous queries over distributed data streams jj olstonc  proceedings of acm sigmod  
speech recognition by hierarchical segment classification h behme   wd brandt   hw strube  proc . icann    
delay reduction using simulated annealing jd pincus   am despain proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;   1986.0    
light-shade adaptation : two strategies in marine phytoplankton . p1 . physiol.   baltimore pg falkowski   tg owens  md    
linking organization and mobilization : michels 's iron law of oligarchy reconsidered d rucht  mobilization-san diego -   1999.0 
nonreciprocal acousto-optic interactions and their application to feedback isolation in the infrared 1976.0 vj corcoran & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;    
mediatorsin the architectureof future information systems g wiederhold  ieee computer    
automatic meter extraction from midi files . b meudic  proceedings of the journã © es dâ ?? informatique musicale . & hellip ;    
penetration of proton beams through water . i. depth-dose distribution   spectra and let distribution : mj berger  md    
data-drivien understanding and refinement of schema mappings submitted for publication   l yan   rj miller   l haas   r fagin   
beyond incremental change 1998.0 ds goldin   sl venneri   ak noor ieee computer    
converting relational database into xml document j fong   f pang   c bloor    
v3 . 0 for windows v basic   1995.0 
managing financial time series data : object-relational and object database systems tutorial vldb l molesky   m caruso   
if we were in charge . pull-out feature ii . 1996.0 p magnuson social studies and the young learner    
advances in attribute grammar driven hardware compilation g economakos   i panagopoulos   g papakonstantinou  information and software  
bounded-diameter spanning tree and related problems j ho   dt lee   ch chang   ck wong proc . acm symp . on computational geometry    
improving performance with bulk-inserts in oracle r-trees n an   s ravada  vldb   2003.0 
fast decipherment algorithm for rsa public-key cryptosystem c couvreur   j quisquater  electronic letters    
superimposition : a component adaptation technique information and software technology   1999.0 g wang   lm hallberg   e saphier   ew englander   j   
writing post-soviet estonia on to the world map e berg   s oras 2000.0  political geography    
coherent arbitrariness : duration-sensitive pricing of hedonic stimuli around an arbitrary anchor d ariely   g loewenstein   d prelec   
legion : an operating system for wide-area computing a grimshaw   a ferrari   f knabe   m humphrey   
new concepts of cattle growth . rt berg   rm butterfield   1976.0 
preferences for separating or combining events 1991.0 pw linville   gw fischer journal of personality and social psychology    
integrating mining with relational database systems : alternativesandimplications inacm sigmod international conference on management of data & hellip ;   s sarawagi   s thomas   r agrawal   
the role of ad hoc networks in mobility a readhead   s trill bt technology journal     2003.0 
decimation of triangle meshes 1992.0 wj schroeder   ja zarge   we lorensen proceedings of the 19th annual conference on computer & hellip ;    
getting the most from textbooks : making instruction motivating . j wooster 1989.0  social studies and the young learner    
creating new hope : implementation of a program to reduce poverty and reform welfare t brockâ ? ¦ 1997.0    
e cient similarity search and classi cation via rank aggregation r fagin   r kumar   d sivakumar proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;    
an effective history conference je sammet 1996.0  history of programming languages -- ii table of contents    
revisiting parallel multi-join query processing via hashing proceedings of b liu   ea rundensteiner   
a compact and accurate model for classification m last   o maimon ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
production of acids by anaerobic fermentation . pn hobson   wg reid   vk sharma  & hellip ; of research and demonstration projects . elsevier applied & hellip ;   1987.0 
design and implementation of intentional names . master 's thesis e schwartz 1999.0    
wimmers edward l. and zzã ¯ t mohamed . querying shapes of histories a rakesh   p giuseppe proceedings of the 21 stvldb conference   zã 1/4 rich   & hellip ;    
refinement calculus : a systematic introduction rj back   1998.0 
data presented at the glancing incidence optics fabrication workshop   hosted by the optics branch of md   j osantowski   
brain hunt m williamson computerworld    
programming windows c petsold 1990.0    
dynamic neural networks for process modelling in fault detection and isolation systems applied mathematics and computer science   1999.0 j korbicz   k patan   a obuchowicz   
a supplement to sampling-based methods for query size estimation in a database system sigmod record   1992.0 y ling   w sun   
arbitrary q-factor dielectric resonator k hoffmann   v sokol    
conscious and unconscious ethnocentrism : revisiting the ideologies of prejudice wa cunningham   jb nezlek   mr banaji  unpublished manuscript    
towards a neural model of timing g bugmann   
water and sanitation services to the urban poor in the developing world h giles   b brown geography   1997.0 
a most probable path approach to queueing systems with general gaussian input computer networks   p mannersalo   i norros  2002.0 
dow corning corporation : reengineering global processes j ross   
the new tco metric j vijayan  computerworld    
the exodus optimizer generator g greafe   dj dewitt & hellip ; of the 19117 acm-sigmod conference on the management of    
incremental evaluation of a monotone xpath fragment 2005.0 h matsumura   k tajima proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;    
the theory of joins in databases av aho   c beeri   jd ullman  acm trans . database syst    
providing competence resources for new product development ieeexplore.ieee.org    
neural computation of visual motion information in the fly a borst proc . 28th goettingen neurobiology conference      
learning text editing tasks from examples ih witten   dm tels watch what i do : programming by    
and va matusevich lp chernov   vv kezyr at .    
transposition of a plasmid dna sequence which mediates ampicillin resistance : general description f heffron   c rubens   s falkow see berg      
reconstruction procedure for identifying cracks m ikehata   g nakamura submitted for  
extending object-oriented analysis to explore alternatives j mylopoulos   l chung   s liao   h wang   e yu submitted for publication    
is the glycolytic flux in lactococcus lactis primarily controlled by the redox charge ? kinetics of 2002.0 ar neves   r ventura   n mansour   c shearman   mj   
a case for redundant arrays of inâ ?? expensive disks ( raid ) da patterson   g gibson   rh katz proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
vulnerability of wireless routing protocols q lu    
welfare time limits : an interim report card d bloom    
efficient algorithm for bcnf-decomposition wy lin information and software technology     1992.0 
a spray model for an adaptive mesh refinement code sd bauman  2001.0 
percutaneous   transperineal cryosurgery of the prostate as salvage therapy for post radiation rj miller jr   jk cohen   b shuman   la merlotti    
on using the ad-hoc network model in wireless packet data networks hy hsieh   r sivakumar  proceedings of acm mobihoc    
individual differences in sociosexuality : evidence for convergent and discriminant validity journal of personality and social psychology   1991.0 ja simpson   sw gangestad   
thinning operator for continuous query language over data streams l ma   w nutt    
neural basis of elementary behavior in stick insects u bã $ ssler    
an analysis of rule coverage as a criterion in generating minimal test suites for grammar-based m hennessy   jf power proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
the impact and value of tree improvement in the south d todd   j pait   j hodges  proceedings of the 23rd so . forest tree improvement conf    
noisy time series prediction using recurrent neural networks and grammatical inference 2001.0 cl giles   s lawrence   ac tsoi machine learning    
sirius-delta : un prototype de systeme de gestion de donnees reparties j lebihan   c esculier   g lelann   l treille d ~ str ~ buted data bases . proceedings of the international & hellip ;      
i 3 : intelligent   interactive investigation of olap cubes s sarawagi   g sathe proc . of the 2000 acm sigmod intâ ?? l conference on    
switch in rod opsin gene expression in the european eel   anguilla anguilla ( l. ) aj hope   jc partridge   pk hayes    
the p operator : discovering and ranking on the semantic web k anyanwu   a sheth 2002.0  sigmod record    
aries : a transaction recovery method supporting fine-granularity locking andpartial rollbacksusing c mohan   d haderle   b lindsay   h pirahesh   p  acm trans . on database systems    
automatic categorization of query results proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 k chakrabarti   s chaudhuri   s hwang   
distinct sampling for highly-accurate answers to distinct values queries and event reports b jawerth   w sweldens 2001.0    
keyword detection   navigation   and annotation in hierarchical text s chakrabarti   b dom   r agrawal   p raghavan proc . 23rd vldb      
planning and reduction technique in fracture surgery 1989.0 j mast   r jakob   r ganz   
privacy preserving distributed data mining c clifton    
ã cents â ? ¬ å?using schema matching to simplify heterogeneous data translationã cents â ? ¬ â ? proc . of the 24th vldb t milo   s zohar   
opportunity   abundance   scarcity : an overview g pontecorvo id .    
model indepenient & ertions for integration of heterogeneous schemas s soaccaoietra   p parent   y dunont vldb journal   no    
range queries in olap data cubes h ch   r agrawal   n megiddo   r srikant  proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data    
range-sum queries in data cubes ct ho   r agrawal   r srikant proc . of  
learning table access cardinalities with leo . v markl   gm lohman    
statix : making xml count j freire   jr haritsa   m ramanath   p roy   j simeon    
neural networks for nonlinear model control kj hunt   d sbarbaro iee proceedings-d    
fast generation of neuro-asics j ouali   g saucier proc . int . neural networks conf      
how did welfare and work policies affect employment and income : a synthesis of research d bloom   c michalopoulos  2001.0 
inadequate formalin fixation decreases reliability of p27 kip1 immunohistochemical staining : probing am de marzo   hh fedor   wr gage   ma rubin   
an architecturalframework forsupporting heterogeneous instruction-setarchitectures gmsk ebcioglu ieee computer    
warm water vapour pixels over high clouds as observed by meteosat sa tjemkes   l van de berg   j schmetz contributions to atmospheric physics   1997.0    
evaluation of the population status of grizzly bears in canada v banci   da demarchi   wr archibald  international conference on bear research and management    
the educationist and medical illustration . cr coles j audiov media med   1978.0    
handbook on formative and summative evaluation of student learning bs bloom  1971.0 
phidgets ( 2001 ) : easy development of physical interfaces through physical widgets s greenberg   c fitchett proc acm  
uniqueness of kã $ hler-einstein cone metrics t jeffres    
the urban and schwarzenberg anatomical illustrations . c clarke j audiov media med   1978.0 
scalable queue-based spin locks with timeout ml scott    
aries/im : an e cient & high concurrency index managementmethod using write-ahead logging c mohan   f levine  & hellip ; acm sigmod 1992 international conference on management of & hellip ;    
energizing the nexus of corporate knowledge : a portal toward the virtual organization ay yap   n bjoern-andersen   
controlled markov processes and viscosity solutions wh fleming   hm soner   
improving statistics canadaâ ?? s cell suppression software ( confid ) â ?? d robertson proceedings of the compstat 2000 conference 21.-25 . august   & hellip ;    
inside ole 2 k brocksmith  1994.0 
bifocal sampling for skew-resistant join size estimation sigmod conference   s ganguly   pb gibbons   y matias   a silberschatz  1996.0 
male honor and female fidelity : implicit cultural scripts that perpetuate domestic violence ja vandello   d cohen journal of personality and social psychology   2003.0 
experience based sampling technique for multimedia analysis j wang   ms kankanhalli    
archival research methods . mj ventresca   jw mohr  companion to organizations    
significant reduction in the number of fungal infections after lung -   heart-lung   and heart transplantation proceedings   1997.0 h reichenspurner   p gamberg   m nitschke   h   
cigarettes and domination in chinese business networks dl wank  see davis    
t.   brown   k.   and noble   h.   1987   providing timerelated constraints for conventional database d abbo  proceedings of the 13th international conference on  
expression of the myelin basic protein gene in transgenic mice expressing human neurotropic virus   virology-new york -   s haas   ns haque   ah beggs   k khalili  1994.0 
a computational model of neural contour processing f heitger   r von der heydt proc . int . conf . computer    
g. & spyropoulos   c. ( 2000b ) . learning to filter spam e-mail : a comparison of a naive bayesian and a i androutsopoulos   j koutsias   g paliouras   vs procs of workshop on machine learning and textual & hellip ;    
evaluating the performance of software distributed shared memory as a target for parallelizing al cox   s dwarkadas   h lu    
convergence analysis for principal component flows s yoshizawa   u helmke   k starkov   
multi-media gets real c levin   r raskin   mj ross   n zelnick pc magazine    
terms of usage privacy policy code of ethics contact us j blakeley  acm sigmod record   2001.0 
two examples of group exams from communication and engineering kl sandell   l welch  new directions for teaching and learning   2004.0 
user adaptive exploration of olap data cubes s sarawagi  proc . vldb  
k. smith entity modeling in the mls relational model proceedings of the 18th international conference on m winslett   
simultaneity   causality   and spectral representations submitted for d censor   
1.2 . 2 windows nt ---------------- '' java . lang jdk sun outofmemoryerror ''    
cascade subcritical reactor as a fuel-cycle component pn alekseev   vv ignatâ ?? ev   oe kolyaskinâ ? ¦ at .  
how perspective-based reading can improve requirements inspections vr basili   f shull   i rus  ieee  
fast similarity search in the presence of longitudinal scaling in time series databases ej keogh    
the nature and implications of recent population growth in california r goodenough  geography    
ordered packet scheduling in wireless ad hoc networks : mechanisms and performance analysis v kanodia   c li   a sabharwal   b sadeghi   e  proceedings of acm  
community characteristics of old-growth western juniper woodlands journal of range management   2001.0 ws waichler   rf miller   ps doescher   
substructure analysis of complex systems using rigid body information of components ws hwang   dh lee proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;     2002.0 
statistical profile estimation in database systems . cornput suru . 20   3 ( sept. 1988 )   191-221 acm transactions on database systems   m mannino   p chu   t sager   
seismic regionalization   signal detector and source locator es husebye   yv fedorenko    
neural stem cells   as a source of graft material for transplantation in neuronal disease no to hattatsu   2001.0 w akamatsu   h okano   
the knowledge based management systems project . acm sigmod record   g wiederhold   j kaplan   d sagalowicz   
password authentication using public-key encryption ty hwang  proc . int . carnahan conf . security  
variable-depth trie index optimization : theory and experimental results r ramesh   ajg babu   jp kincaid acm transactions on database systems   1989.0    
quickset : a multimodal interface for distributed interactive simulation pr cohen   l chen   j clow   m johnston   d mcgee   j    
automating physical database design in a parallel database sigmod conference   j rao  2002.0 
d. wood and s. shah   â ?? a modified hoek-brown failure criterion for jointed rock massesâ ?? e hoek proc . int . symp . eurock â ?? 92    
testing for usability can head off disaster b stahl computerworld    
matrix transpose on meshes with wormhole and xy routing   rapp . tech c ho  ibm research division almaden research center   juin    
mathematics beyond 2000 proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the mathematics & hellip ;   r spanneberg   
lof : identifying densitybased local outliers   acm sigmod conference   vol mm breunig   hp kriegel   rt ng   j sander dallas   tx   may      
automated lip-synch and speech synthesis for character animation jp lewis   fi parke   
report on the edbtâ ?? 04 workshop on database technologies for handling xml information on the web sigmod record   2004.0 m mesiti   b catania   g guerrini   a chaudhri   
a physical piano model for music performance g borin   d rocchesso   f scalcon  proc . int . computer music conf    
a method to extract the business rules from a large legacy system ab earls msc thesis   department of computer science   cardiff university (  
chronic continuous or intermittent infusion of cocaine differentially alter the concentration of st cain   d griff   cm joyner   eh ellinwood neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1993.0    
strong typing and physical units r mã $ nner acm sigplan notices   1986.0    
there 's nowt so queer as folk ! bt technology journal   2000.0 d attwater   l mcgrail   n sargent   
traps-classifiers of temporal patterns h hermansky   s sharma    
techniques for indexing olap data s sarawagi  technical report   ibm almaden research center   1997 . in  
interface and component design with com m kirtland  technical report   microsoft corporation    
flowers offering oil instead of nectar xi bot . congr . abstr . seattle   washington   s vogel   
organizing university economic development : lessons from continuing education and technology new directions for higher education   1997.0 gw matkin   
d. ( 1995 ) . fastmap : a fast algorithm for indexing   data-mining and visualization of traditional and proceedings of c faloutsos   ki lin   
vr ; agrawal   d. ; singh   ak dimensionality reduction for similarity searching in dynamic databases k kanth international conference on management of  
a new approach to software key escrow . tisr # 520   trusted information systems . glenwood dm balenson   cm ellison   sb lipner   st walker md    
le-xuan-hy   gm   oxenberg   j.   & deichmann   ak ( 1986 ) . self-evaluation of abilities : accurate self - journal of personality and social mj strube   cl lott   
a compiled implementation of strong reduction b gregoire   x leroy   
environmental control of horn length dimorphism in the beetle onthophagus acuminatus ( coleoptera : dj emlen proceedings : biological sciences     1994.0 
automatic resource compilation by analyzing hyperlink structure and associated text s chakrabarti   b dom   p raghavan   s rajagopalan   d www7 / computer networks   1998.0    
how to referee a research paper d giord  1982.0 
carrier mobilities in silicon empirically related to doping and field dm caughey   re thomas  proc . ieee    
introduction to fourier optics 1mcgraw-hill new york   jw goodman   
experience of management transfer to users in nepal international conference on irrigation management transfer   j rana   rp satyal   sp rajbhandari   kr sharma   dj   
examples of automatic asymptotic expansions acm sigsam bulletin   1991.0 b salvy   
deficient hypoxia awakening response in infants of smoking mothers : possible relationship to sudden k lewis   e bosque  journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
a focus theory of normative conduct : recycling the concept of norms to reduce littering in public rb cialdini   rr reno   ca kallgren journal of personality and social psychology    
the relationship between cocaine urinalysis and daily self-reported cocaine use in a clinical submitted for publication   rd crosby   sm specker   ga carlson   ja halikas   
gap analysis of mainland california . f davis   d stoms   ad hollander   ka thomas   pa cd-rom . university of california   santa barbara   ca . [ http : / / & hellip ;      
inside windows nt c helen   1992.0 
natural resource accounting : a framework for india 1993.0 ks parikh   
combining process modelling methods g abeysinghe   k phalp information and software technology     1997.0 
using technology in faculty development : practical examples kh gillespie 1998.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
k   shim   fast similarity search in the presence of noise   scaling and translation in time series r agrawal   ki lin   hs sawhney proceedings of the 21 vldb  
passive position location using nonlinear filters s challa   af farhan    
the waldorf tuition and grant reduction experiment . we hamm new directions for higher education   1995.0 
longest prefix matching using bloom filters s dharmapurikar   p krishnamurthy   de taylor   
clu session b ryder history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   1996.0    
recursively generated b-spline surfaces on arbitrary topological meshes seminal graphics : poineering efforts that shaped the field & hellip ;   1998.0 e catmull   j clark   
fuzzy quasilinear spaces and applications md jimenez-gamero   y chalco-cano   ma rojas-medar   submitted to    
the journey beyond life volume i   mr sorensen   dr willmore   
intelligent integration ofinformation g wiederhold  & hellip ; the acm sigmod international conference on management of  
repression and the inaccessibility of affective memories journal of personality and social psychology   pj davis   ge schwartz  1987.0 
corticotropin-releasing factor and behavior gf koob   fe bloom  fed proc   1985.0 
neutrino masses and oscillationsâ ?? experiment proc . of the 28th inter . conf . on high energy physics   & hellip ;   y suzuki   
extinction and the fossil record of the arthropods deg briggs   ra fortey   enk clarkson see larwood    
programmer 's guide 1998.0 ce windows   
exploring the tradeoff between imbalance and separator size in nested dissection ordering e rothberg  submitted for publication    
to table or not to table : a hypertabular answer 1996.0 g santucci   l tarantino sigmod record    
spectral theory of ordinary differential operators j weidmann 1987.0    
generation of human artificial chromosomes expressing naturally controlled guanosine triphosphate genes to cells   2002.0 m ikeno   h inagaki   k nagata   m morita   h ichinose   
preplasticity and the theory of thermally activated phenomena lp kubin phil . mag.   1974.0    
layered histories : the wandering bible of marseilles cb rubin   rj gluck proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;     2004.0 
computer-aided control system design jm maciejowski   cy tan conference proceedings on data management 91 table of & hellip ;   1992.0 
associate p cookbook   t christiansen   nt oâ ?? reilly    
comparison of flutter device and chest physical therapy in the treatment of cystic fibrosis m gondor   pa nixon   r mutich   p rebovich   dm   
solid st. commun.   17   1193 ; 1976 we spear   pg le comber  phil . mag    
sanctions and welfare reform . policy brief # 12 d bloom   d winstead 2001.0    
residual properties of infinite soluble groups 1957.0 kw gruenberg   
amc-anti-fitc conjugates : novel reagents for amplified immunochemical techniques . immunofluorescent ra abuknesha   hm al-mazeedi   rg price the histochemical journal   1992.0 
combining computational effects : sum and tensor m hyland   gd plotkin   aj power   
a description language and pilot-system executive for information-transport systems 1979.0 e sandewall vldb    
the family transition program : an early implementation report on florida 's time-limited welfare 1995.0 d bloom   
personalization : the tailor-made web pc magazine   c metz   
lie algebras associated to fiber-type arrangements   preprint   2000   available at arxiv : math dc cohen   fr cohen   m xicotencatl   
integrating mining with relational database systems : alternatives and implications s sunita   t shiby   a rakesh proceedings acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
a database system for real-time event aggregation in telecommunication j baulier   s blott   hf korth   a silberschatz  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1998.0 
small signaling systems can evolve in the absence of benefit to the information sender j batali  unpublished manuscript   1995.0 
an overview of the multiagent systems engineering methodology mf wood   sa deloach lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
performance engineering of group communication protocols rk budhia    
locality-based adaptation of communication protocols to dynamic input and network topology 1987.0 b awerbuch   
three-dimensional reflection of shock waves propagating in square crosssectional tubes proc of the 21st int syrup on shock z jiang   o onodera   k takayama   
functional fas expression in human thymic epithelial cells blood-new york -   n moulian   c renvoize   c desodt   a serraf   s  1999.0 
the nclan economic assessment : approach   findings and implications rm adams   jd glyer   ba mccarl see ref    
the effects of bone plug length and screw diameter on the holding strength of bone-tendon-bone 1998.0 g pomeroy   m baltz   k pierz   m nowak   w post   jp arthroscopy-new york -    
long air bubbles in a vertical tube phil . mag   ah gibson   
multiculturalism versus unity and commonality . teacher 's resources . 1994.0 ph porterâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner    
lexequal : supporting multilexical queries in sql data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international a kumaran   jr haritsa   
a texture-based object detection and an adaptive model-based classification t kalinke   c tzomakas   w von seelen procs . ieee intelligent vehicles    
semantic heterogeneity in distributed geographic databases mf worboys   sm deen sigmod record   1991.0 
automating camera management in a lecture room proceedings of acm q liu   y rui   a gupta   j cadiz   
fast similarity search in presence of noise   scaling   and translation in time-series database . in : r agrawal   ki lin   ss harpreet 1995.0    
object-oriented real-time systems : concepts and examples te bihari   
a new class of regularizable strongly continuous semigroups of fast growth near the origin pc kunstmann    
concentrations of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in sediment and ground water near the wyckoff jc cubbage west seattle   washington : washington department of ecology   & hellip ;    
social math . teacher 's resources . p porterâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner     1993.0 
a new dynamic geotechnical centrifuge and performance of shaking table tests . m sato proc.   int . conf . on centrifuge    
compression for venous leg ulcers cochrane database syst rev   2000.0 n cullum   ea nelson   aw fletcher   ta sheldon   
the new idria serpentinite of california : a toxic rock ? : geological society of america abstracts m ross 1994 annual meeting   seattle   washington   october    
refinements of the ziegler-nichols tuning formula cc hang   kj astrom   wk ho 1992.0    
programming windows with mfc j prosise  1999.0 
coordinating for success : trading information redundancy for task simplicity k carley   
species sampling models j pitman unpublished manuscript    
a method for the construction of minimum redundancy codes da huffman   
functions of several variables wh fleming 1977.0    
excess yields in bond hedging h reisman   g zohar submitted for publication   2003.0 
noise and the reality gap : the use of simulation in evolutionary robotics n jakobi   p husbands   i harvey  lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 
european business systems   london : sage encompasses a collective with heterogeneous interests rd whitley  1992.0 
the â ?? virtual enterprise : â ?? your new model for success ls flaig electronic business    
new focusing and dispersive planar component based on an optical phased array mk smit 1988.0    
schools without failure . w glasser 1969.0    
new hope for people with low incomes : two-year results of a program to reduce poverty and welfare h bos   a huston   r granger   g duncan   t brock   v 1999.0    
teaching writing through collaboration . k brufee learning in groups : new directions for teaching and learning    
semi-c reference manual â ??   alewife systems memo # 20 k johnson 1992.0    
the use of fuzzy cognitive maps to simulate the information systems strategic planning process information & software technology   1999.0 d kardaras   b karakostas   
douglas ross talks about structured analysis ( interview ) dt ross ieee computer    
sideshow : providing peripheral awareness of people and information jj cadiz   g venolia   g jancke   a gupta microsoft technical report 2001-83 . http://research . microsoft .    
a 3-dimensional representation for fast rendering of complex scenes proceedings of acm siggraph 1980   r steven   w turner   
on the performance of beamforming antennas proceedings of acm r ramanathan   
an accelerated introductory computer science course sequence for non-traditional masterâ ?? s students computer jd starkey   rs babcock   as defrance   
noncrossing partitions in surprising locations   preprint j mccammond university of californiaâ ?? santa barbara   santa barbara   ca    
assessing social support : the social support questionnaire journal of personality and social psychology   1983.0 ig sarason   hm levine   rb basham   br sarason   
specific surface charge density of nonspherical particle and charge decrease by partial self - f isahaya proc . int . conf . modern    
the measurement and use of registered reflectance and range data in scene analysis 1977.0 d nitzan   ae brain   ro duda ieee   proceedings    
polynucleotidyl transfer reactions in site-specific dna recombination k mizuuchi 1997.0  genes to cells    
the use of the heimlich maneuver in near drowning : institute of medicine report journal of emergency medicine   mw platt   jc mclaughlin   gj gilson   mf wellhoner    1995.0 
personal virtual humansâ ?? inhabiting the talkzone and beyond bt technology journal   d ballin   m lawson   ma lumkin   j osborne  2002.0 
hulls of tame cantor sets m lawrence  unpublished  
wildlife habitat te martin   ge canterbury   dr petit   lj petit & hellip ; loblolly/shortleaf pine demonstration interim report . epa / & hellip ;    
fuzzy control systems a kandel   g langholz  1993.0 
fast and accurate text classification via multiple linear discriminant projections s chakrabarti   s roy   mv soundalgekar the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;     2003.0 
cardio spasm br cohen   m guelrud achalasia : demonstration of supersensitivity of the lower & hellip ;    
sustained helping without obligation : motivation   longevity of service   and perceived attitude am omoto   m snyder journal of personality and social psychology     1995.0 
towards model-based design support for distributed user interfaces . 2004 at nordichi   c vandervelpen   k coninx   
the boundary layer in three dimensional flow . part ii . the flow near a stagnation point phil . mag   l howarth   
data-drivenunderstandingand refinementof schema mappings ll yan   rj miller   lm haas   r fagin proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
spontaneous pneumomediastinum sl bratton   pp o'rourke journal of emergency medicine     1993.0 
identifying effects of income on childrenâ ?? s development : integrating an instrumental variables p morris   l gennetian new york : manpower demonstration research corporation      
windows 3.1 memory enhancement utilities m pietrek   l seltzer pc  
lateral variations of clay mineral assemblages in modern and ancient sediments we parham  proc . int . clay conf    
training neural nets for small word width l spaanenburgâ ? ¦    
computational geometry by example m de berg   m van kreveld   m overmars   o  unpublished manuscript    
detecting security vulnerabilities in java applications with static analysis technical report . stanford university . http://suif . stanford . vb livshits   ms lam   
copy detection systems for digital documents rd smith 1999.0    
methods of studying root systems 1979.0 w bã ¶ hm   
information rules harvard business school press c shapiro   hr varian boston    
relation between the elastic moduli and the plastic properties of polycrystalline pure metals phil . mag   sf pugh   
playing the numbers game : how many it jobs are we giving to foreign workers ? nobdy really knows s watson computerworld    
improving software quality and productivity dn card   tl clark   ra berg 1987.0  information and software technology    
inside widows nt h custer microsoft  
prediction and evaluation methods for road traffic noise in built-up areas   inter-noise k uesaka   h ohnishi   t chiba   k takagi proc . of 29th international congress and exhibition on noise & hellip ;      
microsoft windows xp registry guide j honeycutt   2002.0 
weakly differentiable functions wp ziemer   1989.0 
gridsec : grid security enforcement with trust integration over minimal vpn tunnels k hwang   s song   j lv    
measurement of silicon strength as affected by wafer back processing g hawkins   h berg   m mahalingamâ ? ¦ 25 thannual proceedings : reliability physics ieee      
cb or not cb r kibble centering theory applied to nlg . in procs . of acl workshop & hellip ;    
biology of amphibians : mcgraw-hill we duellman   l trueb new york      
system performance and benchmarking : learning table access cardinalities with leo v markl   g lohman proc . acm sigmod   june    
eon.â ?? statix : making xml countâ ?? j freire   jr haritsa   m ramanath   p roy   j sim proc . sigmod    
data conversion rules from network to relational databases information and software technology   j fong   c bloor   
attitudinal and normative variables as predictors of specific behaviors i ajzen   m fishbein journal of personality and social psychology    
focal isolation of long heat-waves phil mag   h rubens   rw wood   
parallel query processing with zigzag trees the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1993.0 m ziane   m zaã ¯ t   p borla-salamet   
programming windows   the definitive guide to the win32 api c petzold   1998.0 
impact of soa on enterprise information architectures p patrick  proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 
au coeur de windows nt h custer  1993.0 
data compression in oracle m poess   d potapov proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0    
lexical guidance in sentence processing : further support for aâ ® filtering account bc adams   c clifton   dc mitchell unpublished manuscript    
on the semantics of updates in databases r fagin   jd ullman   my vardi proceedings of the 2nd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1983.0    
sampling large databases for association mining proc . 22nd int &#39; l conf . very large databases   h toivonen   
cognitive style   categorization   and vocational effectss on performance of rel database users acm sigsoc bulletin   1981.0 dg egly   kt wescourt   
dynamic plan migration for continuous queries over data streams y zhu   ea rundensteiner   gt heineman  acm sigmod   2004.0 
toolbook companion jr pierce 1990.0    
the will and the ways : development and validation of an individual-differences measure of hope cr snyder   c harris   jr anderson   sa holleran   lm journal of personality and social psychology     1991.0 
components of reward in social dilemmas journal of personality and social psychology   ss komorita   jm barth  1985.0 
model-reduction with time delay combining the least-squares method with the ga zj yang   t hachini   t tsuji iee proceedings -- part d      
1/f noise ms keshner  1982.0 
aramemnon : a novel arabidopsis thaliana integral membrane protein database : plant physiol r schwacke   a schneider   e van der graaff   k   2002.0 
advances in laboratory testing to quantitatively describe sediment-water interactions water quality 88 : seminar proceedings . february 23-25 1988   & hellip ;   1988.0 jm brannon   te myers   
microsoft windows security for windows xp and windows 2000 inside out redmond e bott   c siechert  wash : microsoft    
trusted third parties in electronic commerce pj skevington   tp hart  bt technology journal   1997.0 
efficient locking for shared memory database systems ld molesky   k ramamritham   1994.0 
work first : how to implement an employment focused approach to welfare a brown  new york : manpower demonstration research corporation   march    
amajorityconsensus approachtoconcurrency controlformultiplecopies databases rh thomas  acm trans . on database systems    
mandrill pd walsh  microsoft windows    
beyond valence in the perception of likelihood : the role of emotion specificity d desteno   re petty   dt wegener   dd rucker 2000.0  journal of personality and social psychology    
the role of dynamic changes in blood perfusion and optical properties in thermal coagulation of the b kim   sl jacques   s rastegar   s thomsen   m proc . spie   1995.0    
discovering all most specific sentences by randomized algorithms . acms anthology   
revolutionary change theories : a multilevel exploration of the punctuated equilibrium paradigm 1991.0 cjg gersick the academy of management review    
w.   hardebeck   he   & moffet acs readhead   cr lawrence   st myers   wl sargent   1989.0 
technology demonstration plan field demonstration of rhizosphere-enhanced treatment of & hellip ;   cm reynolds   
el plan azul : el futuro de la cuenca mediterranea m grenon   m batisse 1988.0    
videotape or film ? v mcpheeters  j audiov media med   1978.0 
a theory of the plastic distortion of a polycrystalline aggregate under combined stresses jfw bishop   r hill phil . mag      
lexical semantic relatedness and online new event detection ( poster session ) proceedings of the 23rd annual international acm sigir & hellip ;   n stokes   p hatch   j carthy  2000.0 
mechanisms of brain injury ta gennarelli journal of emergency medicine     1993.0 
attachment style   gender   and relationship stability : a longitudinal analysis la kirkpatrick   ke davis journal of personality and social psychology   1994.0 
packet service in umts : delay-throughput performance of the downlink shared channel f borgonovo   a capone   m cesana   l fratta computer networks     2002.0 
design of instructional illustrations in medicine . ce garrick j audiov media med   1978.0 
van den bosch p.   klopman g. and broekens rdnumerical simulation of wave motion on and in coastal vderm jw   hah petit proceedings of the 23rd international conference on coastal    
norm-based regularization of boosting . submitted to y guo   p bartlett   a smola   rc williamson  journal of machine learning research    
rt ng     and j. sander . lof : identifying density-based local outliers mm breuing   hp kriegel  2000.0 
modelling business rules in an office environment p loucopoulos   e katsouli acm sigois bulletin   1992.0    
integrating mining with relational databases : alternatives and implications acm sigmod conference   s sarawagi   s thomas   r agrawal   
learning from examples with unspecified attribute values . tenth annual colt conference   231-242 1997.0 sa goldman   ss kwek   sd scott   
range queries in olap data cubes in : joan p   ed proceedings of the international acm sigmod conference . acm & hellip ;   ct ho   r agrawal   r megiddo   r srikant   
runoff and sediment transport in an arid zone drainage basin kd sharma 1992.0    
the lean enterprise 1999.0 c jones   n medlen   c merlo   m robertson   j bt technology journal    
the development and enforcement of group norms the academy of management review   dc feldman  1984.0 
perceptual and motor processing stages identified in the activity of macaque frontal eye field kg thompson   dp hanes   np bichot   jd schall    
minority achievement : policy implications of research rl crain   re mahard see hawley    
continuous queries over append-only databases dtd goldberg   d nichols   b oke  acm sigmod    
commercial experience of sealed storage of bag stacks in indonesia yc nataredja   rj hodges aciar proceedings no. 25 . fumigation and controlled & hellip ;      
andk . shim . fastsimilarity search in the presence of noise   scaling and translation in time-series r agrawal   ki lin   hs sawney proc . of    
encyclopedia of physical science and technology rj tedeschi 1992.0    
quantization distortion in pulse count modulation with nonuniform spacing of levels pf panter   w dite  proc . ire    
the mean charge state of solar energetic oxygen at 10 mev/nucleon pr boberg   jh adams jr   r beaujean   nl grigorov   proceedings of the 23rd international cosmic ray conference . & hellip ;    
combining global codc and data compaction b de sutter   b de bus   k de bosschere   s debray   
polymer   19   255 crc press new york   n thomas   ah windle   
l' e-lyee : coupling l'ecritoire and lyeeall . information & software technology   2002.0 c rolland   
the role of the cio and it function in erp lp willcocks   r sykes  communications-acm   2000.0 
atmospheric correction algorithms for water quality surveillance vs hope   dg hadjimitsis   cri clayton  proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the remote & hellip ;    
a macro for converting mean separation output to letter groupings in proc mixed . p. 1243-1246 am saxton  proceedings of the 23rd annual sas users group inter . conf.   & hellip ;    
maximally flat lowpass filters realizable as allpass sums iw selesnick submitted for    
leo-db2 's learning optimizer vldb   2001.0 m stillger   g lohman   v markl   m kandil   
adaptive method for range top-k queries in olap data cubes zx loh   tw ling   ch ang   sy lee   
thegarlicproject mt roth   m arya   lm haas   mj carey   wf cody   r  proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
the elastic range of friction js rankin phil . mag    
an auditory model based transcriber of singing sequences lp clarisse   jp martens   m lesaffre   b de baets   h   
groups as agents with mental attitudes g boella   
simulation of the impact on water of a sub-floor component and full-scale wg30 helicopter   58 thahs n pentecote   a vigliotti montreal   canada   june    
a fast algorithm for indexing   data-mining and visualization of traditional and multimedia datasets c faloutsos   k lin management of    
impact of cyclosporine dose on long-term outcome after heart transplantation h valantine   s hunt   p gamberg   j miller  transplantation proceedings   1994.0 
aries/lm : an efficient and high concurrency index management method using write-ahead logging c mohan   f levine proceedings of the 1992 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1992.0    
k. konolige   â ?? â ?? blending reactivity and goal-directidness in a fuzzy controllerâ ?? â ?? a saffioti   eh ruspini  procs . of the second ieee conf . on fuzzy  
conceptualizing and measuring organizational and psychological climate : pitfalls in multilevel wh glick the academy of management review   1985.0    
modulation features of galactic cosmic rays in 1982 ga bazilevskaya   ns svirzhevsky   yi stozhkov   ev proc . 21st int . cosmic ray conf   1990.0    
computing the least common subsumer and the most specific concept in the presence of cyclic aln - f baader   r kuesters  lecture notes in computer science   1998.0 
shared resource multiprocessing ieee computer   mj flynn   a podvin   
anycasting-based protocol for geocast service in mobile ad hoc networks computer networks   yb ko   nh vaidya  2003.0 
automating physical database design in a parallel database system j rao   c zhang   g lohman   n megiddo   2002.0 
laser phase and frequency stabilization using an optical resonator applied physics b : lasers and optics   1983.0 rwp drever   jl hall   fv kowalski   j hough   gm ford   
research articles and surveys acm sigmod record   2005.0 j blakeley   
honeycomb-automated nids signature generation using honeypots   poster paper proceedings of acm sigcomm   c kreibich   
microsoft windows nt server 4.0 terminal server : technical reference bc cumberland   a muir   g carius   1999.0 
resource discovery in ad hoc networks d tang   c chang   k tanaka   m baker   
new metric for object-oriented design jy chen   jf lu 1993.0  information and software technology    
system alternatives for the public service satellite consortium ( health-education telecommunication jm janky   jg potter   bb lusignan & hellip ; telemetering conference   washington   d. c   proceedings     1975.0 
interpolating subdivision for meshes with arbitrary topology proceedings of siggraph   d zorin   p schroder   w sweldens  1996.0 
attenuation basted correction of spectral backscattering in lake mã $ laren   central sweden & hellip ; workshop on imaging spectropscopy   zurich   switzerland   n strã ¶ mbeck   
can evaluating instruction improve teaching 1987.0 wj mckeachie new directions for teaching and learning    
a graphical notebook as interaction metaphor for querying databases sf silva   t catarci   u schiel    
the graphics zone : workstation exploration in three dimensions . computerworld.   1987.0 v brown   
endomorphism rings of torsion-free abelian groups proc . int . conf . theory groups   canberra   als corner   
magmillâ ? cents prototype testing rr oder   ed brandner   re jamison    
state estimation for dynamic systems fl chernousko  1994.0 
distinct differences in cortical reactivity of motor and prefrontal cortices to magnetic stimulation s kã $ hkã ¶ nen   j wilenius   rj ilmoniemi    
balanced scorecard for projects 2001.0 we stewart project management journal    
regression rank scores tests for regression with random regressors . 1997.0 j picek   
evaluators as collaborators in science education reform w mccolskey   hm parke   p harman   rm elliott  new directions for program evaluation   1995.0 
technology demonstration   implementation plan cm reynolds field demonstration of rhizosphere-enhanced treatment of & hellip ;    
hiv-1 sequence evolution and specific immune response in children with distinct clinical courses e halapi   t leitner   m jansson   a plebani   g submitted for    
a 42-year-old man with rhabdomyolysis from substance abuse and minor trauma c rush   j thomas 1999.0  journal of emergency nursing    
an evolutionary approach to estimating software development projects 2001.0 js aguilar-ruiz   i ramos   m toro information & software technology    
how learning can guide evolution in hierarchical modular tasks j wiles   b tonkes   jr watson   
campus services : a variety of alternatives . new directions for higher education   1979.0 ah degraff   
acoustic surface wave filters rh tancrell   mg holland proc . ieee    
the hamline plan : mentoring   modeling   and monitoring the practical liberal arts new directions for higher education   fg davenport  2004.0 
adv. detailed react . mech . 1   1 ( 1991 ) ; na porter   b. giese   and dp curran acc . chem . res   m newcomb   
computational fluid dynamics in a traditional animation environment p witting   
the design and evaluation of network raid protocols dr kenchammana-hosekote   ra golding   c fleiner   oa tech . report rj 10316   ibm almaden research center   san jose   ca  
the blue plan : the future of the mediterranean basin m grenon   m batisse  1988.0 
an american dilemma : the negro problem and modern g myrdal table    
using taxonomy   discriminants   and signatures for navigating in text databases ''   vldb 1997   446-455 s chakrabarti   d dom   r agrawal   p raghavan  the vldb journal    
digital to analog quantization noise a clawson technical report   space system laboratory   massachusetts  
metrics for quality analysis and improvement of object-oriented software information and software technology   c ebert   i morschel   
modeling skewed distribution using multifractals and the80-20 ` law proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1996.0 c faloutsos   y matias   a silberschatz   
spectral composition of far-infrared laser radiation optically excited in methyl fluoride & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;   1976.0 de evans   bw james   wa peebles   le sharp   
compror : compression with a factor oracle a lefebvre   t lecroq proceedings of the data compression conference ( dcc &#39; 01 )     2001.0 
public policy and psychotherapy : can evaluative research play a role ? 1982.0 l saxe new directions for program evaluation    
the determination of device noise parameters rq lane  proc . ieee    
mechanisms for biological effects of ultrasound el castensen    
providing database-like access to the web using queries based on textual similarity ww cohen  sigmod conference   1998.0 
the evaluation of primary prevention programs bl bloom see ref      
near neighbor search in large metric space in : proc . 21st int s brin conf . on vldb    
the evolution of life histories : theory and analysis : chapman and hall da roff new york    
automating information engineering . ig macdonald 1988.0  information and software technology    
the relationship of the glycemic index to lipogenesis in humans ej parks proceedings of the 6th ( millenium ) vahouny conference   [ d & hellip ;    
screening multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2a families using dna markers h sobol   a salvetti   c bonnardel   gm lenoir   
measles virus entry : generation of hybrid cd46/cd4 receptors to identify cd46 domains required for university of zurich   zurich   switzerland   u schneider   
geometrical methods of nonlinear analysis ma krasnosel ` skii   pp zabreiko   1984.0 
the roles of fpgaâ ?? s in reprogrammable systems s hauk proceedings of the ieee      
querying a multilevel database : a logical analysis f cuppens proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1996.0    
the rtx real-time subsystem for windows nt 1997.0 b carpenter   m roman   n vasilatos   m zimmerman proceedings of the usenix windows nt workshop    
a complete axtomauzauon for functional and multtvalued dependencies c beeri   r fagin   js howard proc acm-sigmod intern . conf on the management of data   & hellip ;      
three-dimensional modelling and rendering of the human skeletal trunk from 2d radiographic images s delorme   y petit   ja de guise   cã ? aubin   h   
performance of an iterative reconstruction algorithm for near infrared absorption and scatter proc . sr arridge   m schweiger   m hiraoka   dt delpy   
a note on minimal covers 1988.0 j atkins sigmod record    
discovering all most specific sentences by randomized algorithms extended abstractâ ''   rapport   1997 d gunopulos   h manila   s saluja academy of  
why talk about different ways to grade ? the shift from traditional assessment to alternative rs anderson 1998.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
model-checking for real-time systems kg larsen   p pettersson   w yi  lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 
efficient modelling and performance simulation of neural associative memory networks g athithan   1997.0 
regularizing ad hoc retrieval scores f diaz 2005.0  proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;    
negotiating the margins : some principles for responding to our students ' writing   some strategies e hodges 1997.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
contracts for higher-order functions rb findler   m felleisen    
maximum-likelihood blind equalization m ghosh   cl weber proc . spie   1991.0 
mutual encapsulation of internetwork protocols computer networks   jf shoch   d cohen   ea taft   
sb thomas for the hires collaboration jn matthews  proc . 28th int . cosmic ray conf . ( tsukuba )    
regulã ¦ ad directionem ingenii ( vers 1728 ) r descartes   
integrating and customizing heterogeneous e-commerce applications a eyal   t milo the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2001.0 
chemeca 95   3 : 45â ?? 49   canberra : the institution of engineers   australia isbn   t srinorakutara   z zhang   cr thomas   
toward a multilevel secure relational data model acm international conference on management of data ( sigmod )   r sandhu   s jajodia   
solid state ionics sp jiang   jg love submitted for    
monolithic capacitive pressure sensor with cmos readout circuit m ylimaula   m ã?berg   j kiihamã $ ki   h ronkainen proc . 29th european solid-state circuits    
schizophrenia : emil kraepelin   adolph meyer   and beyond mj tueth journal of emergency medicine   1995.0 
performance of multi-hop wireless ad hoc network routing protocols j broch   d maltz   d johnson   y hu   j jetcheva proceedings of acm/ieee    
efficient and generalized group signatures   advances in cryptology-eurocryptâ ?? 97   lncs 1233 1997.0 j camenisch   
public-key functions as intractable as factorization . '' m rabin   d signatures mit/lcs/tr -212   mit laboratory for computer science   cambridge      
flow cytometry analysis : a high technology crossmatch technique facilitation transplantation mr garovoy   ma rheinschmidt   m bigosâ ? ¦ 1983.0    
why americans donâ ?? t study foreign languages and what we can do about that dl sigsbee new directions for higher education   2002.0    
some very large data bases in developing countries very large data bases   1979 . fifth international conference & hellip ;   sp ghosh   af cardenas   i mijares   g wiederhold  1979.0 
trusted components for the software industry ieee computer   b meyer   c mingins   h schmidt   
a subdivision scheme for smooth interpolation of quad-mesh data procs of lp kobbelt   
acoustic indicators of topic segmentation j hirschberg   c nakatani    
combining simulative and metaphor-based reasoning about beliefs ja barnden   s helmreich   e iverson   gc stein    
fast similarity search in the presence of noise scaling   and translation in time-series databases   âº very & hellip ;   r agrawal   ki lin   hs sawhney   k shim   
efficiency of atm networks in transporting wide-area data traffic submitted for publication   r caceres  1992.0 
to appear in the proceedings of the 7th international symposium on heavy flavor physics a nippe santa barbara   california   july    
section : forum on the history of computing ( april 20   1993 ) table of contents rf rosin  history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   1996.0 
data bubbles for non-vector data : speeding-up hierarchical clustering in arbitrary metric spaces j zhou   j sander proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;     2003.0 
on the gravitational effects of distant rotating masses l bass   fae pirani phil . mag    
new approaches to parsing conjunctions using prolog s fong   rc berwick proceedings of the 23rd conference on association for & hellip ;   1985.0 
phage dna packaging h fujisawa   m morita genes to cells   1997.0 
weblab ! a universal and interactive teaching   learning   and laboratory environment for the world cm boroni   fw goosey   m grinder   rj ross   p   
zebrafish daz-like protein controls translation via the sequence ` guuc ' s maegawa   m yamashita   k yasuda   k inoue  genes to cells   2002.0 
an assessment of fire   climate   and apache history in the sacramento mountains   new mexico mw kaye   tw swetnam  physical geography   1999.0 
a multilevel model of privatization in emerging economies r ramamurti  academy of management review   2000.0 
an efficient collision-free protocol for prioritized access-control of cable or radio channels computer networks   yi gold   wr franta   
secretion of oxygen intermediates : role in effector functions of activated macrophages cf nathan fed proc   1982.0    
using plan recognition in human-computer collaboration n lesh   c rich   cl sidner courses and lectures-international centre for mechanical & hellip ;     1999.0 
cr acad . sci . paris 314 ss chern serie i    
transient-state kinetic approach to mechanisms of enzymatic catalysis hf fisher acc . chem . res   2005.0    
monitoring insect pest populations by trapping in california citrus orchard ds moreno   ce kennet proc . int . soc . citriculture      
dapsone intoxication : two case reports dg hansen   kr challoner   de smith 1994.0  journal of emergency medicine    
very simple method to ndthe minimal polynomial of an arbitrary non-zero element of a finite eld electronic letters   j gordon   
empirical comparison of methods of fuzzy relational identification b postlethwaite   
on the phenomenology of tilted domains in lamellar eutectic growth b caroli   c caroli   s fauve j. phys . i france   1992.0 
model-based semantic compression for network-data tables s babu   m garofalakis   r rastogi   a silberschatz    
the roles of neural and evolutionary computing in intelligent software systems bt technology journal   kc tsui   b azvine   m plumbley   
temperament and behavior disorders in children a thomas  1968.0 
modeling and distributed simulation of broadband-isdnetwork on a network of sun workstations a chai   s ghosh  ieee computer    
the hot-blooded insects : strategies and mechanisms of thermoregulation b heinrich   1993.0 
selected database research at stanford a keller   p rathmann   j ullman   g wiederhold  acm sigmod record   1990.0 
the clinical development of 9-aminocamptothecin annals-new york academy of sciences   2000.0 ch takimoto   r thomas   
lof : identifying density-based local outliers mm breunig   hp kriegel   rt ng   j sanderâ ? ¦    
learning through acquisitions f vermeulen   h barkema   
main-memory index structures with fixed-size partial keys 2001.0 p bohannon   r rastogi sigmod record    
ontaking the geography outofgeographical education geography   we marsden   
optics : approach to spatia1data mining m ankerst   m breunig   hp kriegel   j sander vldb &#39; 97    
irm : integrated region matching for image retrieval j li   jz wang   g wiederhold    
states of knowledge in cryptographic protocols mj merritt   pl wolper unpublished manuscript      
1999b . stochastic gradient boosting jh friedman  technical report   department of statistics   stanford  
fuzzy logic gain scheduling for non-linear servo tracking ma brdys   jj littler    
lof : identifying density-based locak outliers [ a ] hpk markus mb  proc acm sigmod    
self-topology control in wireless multihop ad hoc communication networks submitted for w krause   r sollacher   m greiner   
centralized end-to-end flow control in a best-effort network-on-chip p avasare   v nollet   jy mignolet   d verkest   h proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ;     2005.0 
theresa m. hippert 2002.0 b plan   
a case study of representational activity at a customer-centered business nv flor   pp maglio    
sexual conflict and arms races between the sexes : a morphological adaptation for control of mating g arnqvist   l rowe 1995.0  proceedings : biological sciences    
on an authorization mecha - holt71 nism r fagin acm trans . database syst .  
peer isolation and drug use among white non-hispanic and mexican american adolescents 2001.0 cr tani   el chavez   jl deffenbacher adolescence-san diego -    
a temporal foundation for continuous queries over data streams j kramer   b seeger    
inside windows nt . may 1998 da solomon  microsoft  
ã?ã?in search of the sourceã?ã ? fj derfler pc magazine      
feature extraction via generalized uncorrelated linear discriminant analysis proc . 21st intâ ?? l conf . machine learning   2004.0 j ye   r janardan   q li   h park   
ber performance in wavelength packet switched wdm systems during nano-second wavelength switching a dantcha   lp barry   j murphy   j dunne   t mullane      
strategy adaptation by competing subpopulations lecture notes in computer science   1994.0 d schlierkamp-voosen   h muehlenbein   
on the recommending of citations for research papers s mcnee   i albert   d cosley   p gopalkrishnan   sk proceedings of acm computer supported cooperative work     2002.0 
individual creativity and group ability to utilize individual creative resources : a multilevel model academy of management journal   2002.0 s taggar   
theory of spectral graph layout b beckman    
parametric estimation and spectral analysis of chaotic time series a lopes   s lopes  submitted for publication   1995.0 
how to identify and estimate the top largest traffic matrix elements in a changing environment proceedings of acm a soule   a nucci   e leonardi   r cruz   n taft   
managing the data resource proceedings of the 1978 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1978.0 j winkler   m kahn   c clark   t michels   
feynmanâ ?? s operational calculi for noncommuting systems of operators : spectral theory b jefferies   gw johnson   
dbms and ai : is there any common point of view ? m stonebraker   d sagalowicz   r wilensky proceedings of the 1983 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1983.0    
xenopus cyclin a1 can associate with cdc28 in budding yeast   causing cell-cycle arrest with an 1997.0 m funakoshi   h sikder   h ebihara   k irie   k genes to cells    
improved server assisted signatures k bicakci   n baykal   k bicakci   n baykal 2005.0  computer networks    
sampling-based estimation of the number of distinct values of an attribute pj haas   jf naughton   s seshadri   l stokes  vldb   1995.0 
an efficient probabilistic public-key block encryption and signature scheme based on el-gamal 's proceedings 25 th annual 1991 ieee international carnahan & hellip ;   1991.0 se rodabaugh   hm sun   t hwang   
peterschwarz . aries : atransactionrecoverymethodsupporting fine-granularity locking and partial c mohan   bl donhaderle   h pirahesh  acm trans . on database  
a tool for targeting and identifying plastics manufacturers for conversion to recycled plastics cw center seattle   washington . january      
query by diagram : a graphical environment for querying databases di e sistemistica   l sapienza   
does reduced length of stay decrease the number of emergency department patients who leave without cmb fernandes   a price   jm christenson journal of emergency medicine   1997.0 
women 's education can improve child nutrition in india vk mishra   rd retherford    
kinematics of fibre optics sensory systems for control of a natural gas engine co nwagboso   ma pendlebury 2001.0  proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;    
supporting global user profiles through trusted authorities i cingil 2002.0  sigmod record    
context-sensitive learning methods for text categorization wc william   s yoram 1996.0    
plan selection based on query clustering a ghosh   j parikh   vs sengar   jr haritsa  vldb   2002.0 
success and failure factors for implementing effective electronic markets electronic markets   1998.0 t fong   d fowler   pmc swatman   
range top/bottom k queries in olap sparse data cubes zw luo   tw ling   ch ang   sy lee   b cui proceedings of the 12th international conference on database & hellip ;     2001.0 
measuring the impacts of whole-school reforms : methodological lessons from an evaluation of hs bloom    
a fast algorithm for indexing   data-mining and visualization of traditional and multimedia datasets c faloutsos   ki lin  1994.0 
estimating compilation time of a query optimizer if ilyas   j rao   gm lohman   d gao   e lin    
the theory of joins in relational databases acm trans database syst   av aho   c beeri   jd ullman   
prophylactic intravenous indomethacin for preventing mortality and morbidity in preterm infants cochrane database syst rev   pw fowlie   pg davis  2002.0 
distributed application support : survey and synthesis of existing approaches a schill information and software technology   1990.0    
photography in dentistry . b hill  j audiov media med   1978.0 
personalization : clash of the killer ps ks nash computerworld    
a short table of the functions ki   ( x )   from n = 1 to n = 16 wg bickley   j naylor  phil . mag    
toward a geography of enterprise g krumme economic geography   1969.0 
the role of the ophthalmic artist . 1978.0 tr tarrant j audiov media med    
sequential minimal optimization : a fast algorithm for training support vector machines [ r ] . 1998 j platt microsoft technical    
j. sim eon.â ?? statix : making xml countâ ?? j freire   jr haritsa   m ramanath   p roy proc . of the 2002 acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of & hellip ;    
some contributions to inference using spacings k ghosh 1997.0    
technology development c refinement  system development and demonstration    
praise for intelligence can undermine children 's motivation and performance cm mueller   cs dweck journal of personality and social psychology     1998.0 
why context should not count g king 1996.0  political geography    
secure and efficient o-line digital money m franklin   m yung proceedings of  
tpm med erfarenhet frã ¥ n volvo 1997.0 b johansson   c nord   b pettersson   
an industrial application of a reuse technique to a web portal product line submitted for u pettersson   s jarzabek   
sampling-based selectivity for joins using augmented frequent value statistics p haas   a swami  proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
the reduction/prevention of muscle and tendon sprains   strains   and overexertion injuries thru pre - mt anderson    
semantic integration in heterogeneous databases using neural networks vldb   ws li   c clifton  1994.0 
combining high school and college : laguardia 's middle college high school . je lieberman new directions for teaching and learning   1985.0 
concurrent signatures lecture notes in computer science   2004.0 l chen   c kudla   kg paterson   
range queries in data cubes ct ho   r agrawal   r srihant proc . intâ ?? l conf . management of data ( sigmod )      
an approach to the design of object associations j ayre   fg wilkie   jg hugues  information and software  
lawrence and his laboratory berkeley : university of california press jl heilbron   rw seidel    
international extrepreneurship : the intersection of two research paths pp mcdougall   bm oviatt    
received : august 20   1980 [ z 704b ie ] german version : angew . chem . 93   286 ( 1981 ) ipds kulpe acc . chem . res   1980.0    
legodb : customizing relational storage for xml documents p bohannon   j freire   jr haritsa   m ramanath   p  vldb   2002.0 
self-evaluative and self-efficacy mechanisms governing the motivational effects of goal systems a bandura   d cervone journal of personality and social psychology    
second edition ole inside 1995.0    
building a convincing test of a public housing employment program for the jobs-plus demonstration . h bloom  manpower demonstration research corporation and presented at & hellip ;    
inside ole 2 > > k broekschmidt 1994.0    
web opac interfaces : an overview br babu  electronic library   2000.0 
revisiting the high-yield bond market ei altman financial management     1992.0 
an overview of the programming language smalltalk-72 jf shoch    
effect of cep-751 ( kt-6587 ) on neuroblastoma xenografts expressing trkb ae evans   kd kisselbach   x liu   a eggert   n    
defining and assessing disadvantagement b fuller   pp mcnamara new directions for higher education   1978.0    
performance analysis of carrier sense multiple access with collision detection computer networks   fa tobagi   vb hunt   
transformational data refinement and vdm dj andrews   dc ince 1995.0  information and software technology    
diagnostic model-checking for real-time systems kg larsen   p pettersson   w yi lecture notes in computer science   1996.0    
on holder estimtes for ou f on weakly pseudoconvex domains rm range  to  
recognizing of spectral mixtures   their components and spectral patterns ( abstract only ) 1991.0 k mantere   j parkkinen   t jaaskelainen oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;    
general convergence results for linear discriminant updates aj grove   n littlestone   d schuurmans  machine learning   2001.0 
an epsilon-insensitive approach to fuzzy clustering 2001.0 j leski applied mathematics and computer science    
the rules of the game : the unwritten code of career mobility . new directions for higher education   m ross   m green  1990.0 
the biochemical basis of neuropharmacology jr cooper   fe bloom   rh roth   
accurate and fast modeling of planar inductors in cmos technologies proc . 29th eur . solid state device research conf   j lescot   j haidar   f ndagijimana   
assessing the departmental major . 1988.0 b fong new directions for teaching and learning    
approximation algorithms for the largest common set s khanna   r motwani   ff yao  technical report stan-cs-95-1545   stanford university    
the detection of asw aircraft by their underwater acoustic signaturesâ ?? a theoretical and j nitsche   j waters proc . 29th navy symp . underwater    
iatrogenic magnesium overdose : two case reports journal of emergency medicine   rj vissers   r purssell  1996.0 
credible compilation . masterã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents s thesis 2000.0 d marinov   
dimensionality reduction for similarity searching in dynamic databases kvr kanth   d agrawal 1999.0  computer vision and image understanding    
adapting packet fair queueing to wireless networks proc . of acm mobicomâ ?? 98   p ramanathan   p agrawal   
the virtual enterprise framework and toolbox jw center   
a scanning fabry-perot interferometer for the 50-1000 micron range jc lecullier   g chanin  & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;   1976.0 
agility through discipline : a debate k beck   b boehm   
increased volume/length of stay for pediatric mental health patients : one ed 's response j meunier-sham journal of emergency nursing   2003.0    
participatory analysis : shared development of requirements from scenarios   jm carroll   
conservative visibility preprocessing using extended projections g schaufler   j dorsey   x decoret   f sillion proc . of acm siggraph      
vaginal prostaglandin ( pge2 and pgf2a ) for induction of labour at term aj kelly   j kavanagh   j thomas cochrane database syst rev     2001.0 
using taxonomy   discriminan ts   and signatures for navigating in text databases . in : proc of the s chakrabarti   b dom   r agrawal 1997.0    
multiclass learning v guruswami   a sahai boosting   and error-correcting codes . procs . of 12th colt & hellip ;    
new applications of optics from modern computer design methods . bt technology journal   p mckee   jr towers  1993.0 
e ciently supporting ad hoc queries in large datasets of time sequences proc . acm-sigmod international conference on management of f korn   hv jagadish   c faloutsos   
permanent magnet systems for magnetic resonance image h zijlstra proc . 9th mt. conf magnet . techn.   zurich   switzerland    
afc programmer 's guide sr davis 1998.0    
exposure to benevolent sexism and complementary gender stereotypes : consequences for specific and jt jost   ac kay  journal of personality and social psychology   2005.0 
polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis of spiral bacteria from the gastric antrum ad pearson   h millward-sadler lancet i     1984.0 
dialogue and collaboration as keys to building innovative educational initiatives in a knowledge - ml walshok 1999.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
digital libraries and autonomous citation indexing s lawrence   cl giles   k bollacker   
recovery of object-oriented design from existing data-intensive business programs hbk tan   tw ling information and software technology   1995.0 
multiple-bus shared memory system ieee computer   m carlton   a despain   
jh   & morgan   eh 1993 w zhang   ab giles   k jahoda   y soong   jh swank  proc . spie    
discovering web services : an overview v draluk proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ;   2001.0    
shear stress enhances bacterial adhesion [ ph. d. ] we thomas seattle   washington : university of washington      
temporal logic of programs f krã ¶ ger   1987.0 
in the 25 years since the mythical man-month what have we learned about project management information and software technology   1999.0 jm verner   sp overmyer   kw mccain   
gardner we and penfold j 1960 bg childs  phil . mag    
a laboratory for the study of automating programming te cheatham jr   b wegbreit 1972.0  acm sigsam bulletin    
simple conditions for guaranteeing higher normal forms in relational databases cj date   r fagin 1992.0  acm transactions on database systems    
oxidation reduction potentials of organic compounds   the wiliams & wiliams co.   baltimore wm clark  md    
the ontos object database conference proceedings on data management 91 table of & hellip ;   t andrews  1992.0 
on the triangularization of an arbitrary matrix cp huang  submitted for  
pascal session j cohen   ab mikel history of programming languages -- ii table of contents     1996.0 
solving the project time/cost tradeoff problem using the minimal cut concept s phillips jr   mi dessouky management science   1977.0    
forlorn hope : german army infantry policy   1918-1941 sj lewis 1983.0    
continuous positive airway pressure versus theophylline for apnea in preterm infants dj henderson-smart   p subramaniam   pg davis  cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
1.3 beta windows nt 1474 856 523 -- '' java . lang jdk sun outofmemoryerror ''    
: a tool for identifying attribute correspondences in heterogeneous databases using neural networks 2000.0 ws li   c clifton data & knowledge engineering    
abstracting object interactions using composition filters lecture notes in computer science   m aksit   k wakita   j bosch   l bergmans   a yonezawa  1994.0 
b. stie ge r   r. ga dow   pj meier and e. wi nt er ma nt el kl eckert proceedings of the 23rd annual cocoa beach conference and & hellip ;      
driving style and traffic measures-influence on vehicle emissions and fuel consumption j van mierlo   g maggetto   e van de burgwal   r proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2004.0    
modeling skewed distributions using multifractals and the w-20 lawâ ?? c faloutsos   y matias   a silberschatz    
beyond technology : the missing pieces for qos success c macian   l burgstahler   w payer   s junghans   c  proc . acm sigcomm    
advanced atlas of autoantibody patternsâ © bradwell ar 1999 ar bradwell   rp stokes   gp mead    
primate adaptation and evolution   2nd ed : academic press san diego   jg fleagle   
distribution and abundance of fishes and invertebrates in mid-atlantic estuaries . elmr rep. no. 12 . md   sl stone   ta lowery   jd field   cd williams   dm   
id lin   '' fastmap : afast algorithm for indexing   data-mining and visualization of traditional c faloutsos andk conference on data management ( sigmod )   san jose   ca      
netra : a toolbox for navigating large image databases   ieee int ' l conf image process.   santa barbara   california   wy ma   bs manjunath   
university courses m campbell-kelly history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   1996.0    
semantic web languages for policy representation and reasoning : a comparison of kaos   rei   and lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 g tonti   jm bradshaw   r jeffers   r montanari   n   
a method for improving automatic word categorization ee korkmaz   1997.0 
a logic for quantum circuits and protocols m patra submitted for publication    
inorganic reaction mechanisms meeting mj hynes athens   greece      
a ( 1998 ) . perceptually based adaptive sampling algorithm mr bolin   gw meyer  proc . of acm siggraph  
programming windows : the microsoft guide to writing applications for windows 3 c pretzold 1990.0    
the power under the hood ; preview : windows nt . b ezzell pc    
taxonomies by the numbers : building high-performance taxonomies sc gates   w teiken   ksf cheng proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;     2005.0 
the cql continuous query language : semantic foundations and query execution a arasu   s babu   j widom the vldb journal   2005.0    
copy detection mechanismsfor digital documents proceedings of the acm special interest group on management & hellip ;   s brin   j davis   h garcia-molina   
the oregon prototype metropolitan land use model p waddell    
fastmap : a fast algorithm for indexing c faloutsos   ki lin data-mining and visualization of traditional and multimedia & hellip ;      
what can we do to strengthen the connection between theory and system builders ( panel ) a rosenthal  proceedings of the 1992 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1992.0 
adaptation on rugged landscapes da levinthal management science   1997.0 
ratio rules : a new paradigm for fast   quantifiable data mining vldb   f korn   a labrinidis   y kotidis   c faloutsos  1998.0 
the space of kahler metrics proc . int . congr . math . amsterdam   e calabi   
simulation of the ambler environment h thomas   d wettergreen   c thorpe   
symmetric relations and cardinality-bounded multisets in database systems k ross   j stoyanovich proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
revisiting scholarship : perspectives on the scholarship of teaching c kreber new directions for teaching and learning   no    
a multidimensional digital hashing scheme for files with composite keys ej otoo   
tools for privacy preserving distributed data mining c clifton   m kantarcioglu   j vaidya   x lin   my zhu    
monitoring global fires from eos-modis submitted for yj kaufman   c justice   l flynn   jd kendall   
biology of simian virus 40 ( sv40 ) transplantation rejection antigen ( trag ) . v j pretell   rs greenfield   ss tevethia  vitro demonstration of sv40 trag in sv40-infected permissive & hellip ;    
the use of domain names in e-branding by the world 's top brands j murphy   l raffa   r mizerski electronic markets     2003.0 
genetic programming of fuzzy coordination behaviors for mobile robots e tunstel   t lippincott   
neural networks in control technical university of eindhoven   eindhoven   tm willems   
simplify : a theorem prover for program checking d detlefs   g nelson   jb saxe j. acm   2005.0    
heat transfer handbook ss kutateladze   vm borishanskii g ] i    
moral conviction versus the politics of responsibility.â ?? r michels   m weber   1987.0 
using taxonomy   discriminants   and signatures for navigating in text databases s chakrabarti   b dom   r agrawal   p raghavan vldb   1997.0 
can we teach without communicating ? jm civikly-powell new directions for teaching and learning   1999.0    
â ?? neuralâ ?? computation of decisions in optimization problems jj hopfield   dw tank biological cybernetics     1985.0 
outline of a centralised multihop ad hoc wireless network j habetha   m nadler 2001.0  computer networks    
in-operation damage monitoring and diagnostics of vibrating structures with applications to offshore m abdelghani   m basseville   a benveniste 1997.0  proc . spie    
invited talk at theâ ?? int miniworkshop on neutrino masses and mixingsâ ?? seattle   washington   april   w louis   
dopaminergic mechanisms in drug induced temperature effects see ref   a horita   rm quock   
quality of dicom header information for image categorization mo guld   m kohnen   d keysers   h schubert   b wein     
pulse of a nation : depressive mood reactions of israelis to the israel-lebanon war journal of personality and social psychology   1989.0 se hobfoll   j lomranz   n eyal   a bridges   m   
on the equilibrium of liquid conducting masses charged with electricity l rayleigh phil . mag    
information distortion and neural coding can . math . q 2002.0 t gedeon   ae parker   ag dimitrov   
battle of the networks : the source versus compuserv lj magid pc magazine    
dynamic maintenance of data distribution for selectivity estimation the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1994.0 ky whang   sw kim   g wiederhold   
sampling large databases for finding association rules h toivonen proceedings of the 22nd international conference on very & hellip ;      
full-wave design and analysis of bandpass filters using 1/8-cut high - q dielectric ring resonators s amari   r vahldieck   j bornemann proc . 28th european microwave    
neural mechanisms of cortico-cortical interaction in texture boundary detection a thielscher   h neumann    
filters based on multilayer metallic structures in a waveguide vp gololobov   vi omel ` ianenko  radiotekhnika i elektronika   1988.0 
wireless in indian telecommunication network a jhunjunwala   b ramamurthi proc . infocom   bombay   india   december      
embedded data glyph technology for hardcopy digital documents dl hecht proc . spie   1994.0 
torsion angle dynamics : reduced variable conformational sampling enhances crystallographic structure 1994.0 lm rice proteins-new york -    
e. 1 . blount phil . mag   mh cohen   
connecticut post-time limit tracking study : six-month survey results 1999.0 ja hunter-manns   d bloom   
a simulation model for performance analysis of large shared data bases vldb   c hulten  1977.0 
implementatwn techtuques for mam memory database systems acm sigmod   boston   dj dewlttâ ? ¦   
a taxonomy of ip traffic matrix estimation : existing techiniques and new directions a medina   n taft   k salamatian   s bhattacharyya   c proc . acm sigcomm      
quality-of-service in packet networks : basic mechanisms and directions r guerin   v peris   1999.0 
high-level   three-pronged design methodology for n-chime interface system software s treu   dp sanderson   r rozin   r sharma information and software technology   1991.0 
medical outcome of cocaine bodystuffers r june   se aks   n keys   m wahl 2000.0  journal of emergency medicine    
ester   m. and kriegel   h. ( 2000 ) : towards an effective cooperation of the user and the computer for m ankerst  proc . of the 6th acm sigmod international conf . on knowledge  
three-dimensional registration using range and intensity information g godin   m rioux   r baribeau  proc . spie   1994.0 
moisture induced package cracking in plastic encapsulated surface mount components during soldered r lin   e blackshear   p serisky proc . 26th int . rel . phys . symp    
are computers boosting productivity ? yes ! '' j bakos computerworld    
multidimensional spectral estimation ieee   proceedings   jh mcclellan  1982.0 
inside microsoft windows nt internet development r sorensen  1998.0 
toward a multilevel secure data model s jajodia   r sandhu proceedings : acm  
practical improvements to the lee-more conductivity near the metal-insulator transition mp desjarlais    
periurethral injection therapy for urinary incontinence in women 2003.0 r pickard   j reaper   l wyness   dj cody   s cochrane database syst rev    
nonlinear optics 1academic rw boyd san diego      
biologically inspired neural controllers for motor control in a quadruped robot aj ijspeert   a billard proceedings of the 23rd annual conference of the cognitive & hellip ;      
c-type cytochrome formation : chemical and biological enigmas 2004.0 jm stevens   o daltrop   jwa allen   sj ferguson acc . chem . res    
role-based hierarchical self organization for wireless ad hoc sensor networks m kochhal   l schwiebert   s gupta  proceedings of the 2nd acm international conference on & hellip ;   2003.0 
implications of cscl for problem-based learning 1992.0 td koschmann   pj feltovich   ac myers   hs barrows acm sigcue outlook    
organizational technology ml tushman   w smith companion to organizations      
windows programming [ m ] c petzold   1999.0 
horizontal to vertical spectral ratio and geological conditions : the case of a downhole array in d raptakis   e karaolani   k pitilakis   n  proc . xxiv gen. ass . esc   athens   greece    
the notions of consistency and predicate locks in a relational database system kp eswaran   jn gray   ra lorie   il traiger comm . acm    
optics & spectroscopy vg farafonov   1999.0 
phytochemical analysis of cistus creticus . isolation   synthesis   and structure elucidation of a new c demetzos ph. d. thesis   university of athens   greece    
the shareholder wealth implications of corporate lawsuits s bhagat   j bizjak   jl coles    
the ecvam international validation study on in vitro embryotoxicity tests : results of the definitive e genschow   h spielmann   g scholz   a seiler   n alternatives to laboratory animals   2002.0 
rural poverty in india : incidence   issues   and policies sm dev   ks parikh   mh suryanarayan 1991.0    
distance-based outliers : algorithms and applications em knorr   rt ng   v tucakov the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2000.0    
programming with shared data abstractions submitted for publication   dm goodeve   sa dobson   jr davy   
inside ole 2 k broeksehmit 1994.0    
treatment of recurrent hepatitis c virus infection after liver transplantation with interferon and g goetz   mr schoen   a haefker   r neuhaus   t berg   transplantation proceedings   1998.0 
common names of insects and related organisms . entomol . soc . of america   college park jj bosik md    
automated protocol validation h rudin   c west   p eafiropulo  computer  
hs and shim   k. 1995 . fast similarity search in the presence of noise   scaling and translation in rl agrawal   k sawhney  proceedings of the 21st international conference on very  
monosomic analysis of resistance to eyespot in the variety â ?? roazon.â ?? j jahier   g doussinault   f dosba   f bourgeois  proc . int . wheat genet . symp    
understanding com + : the architecture for enterprise development using microsoft technologies ds platt 1999.0    
diagnosis and symptomatology new directions for program evaluation   1992.0 k hodges   
aries : a transaction recovery method supporting fine-granularity locking and partial rollbacks using c mohan   d haderle   b lindsayâ ? ¦    
making the most of professional reading . 1991.0 hw stubblefield new directions for adult and continuing education    
limit theorems for fuzzy random variables fn proske  to  
prospero : a tool for organizing internet resources bc neuman    
biogeographical studies of rocky shores near point conception   california rf doyle 1985.0    
back-propagation fuzzy system as nonlinear dynamic system identifiers . lx wang   jm mendel    
discovery web services : an overview v draluk  apers p. proc of international conf vldb   2001.0 
the surface texture of human skin . ta quilliam j audiov media med   1978.0    
genie : a generalized array optimizer for vlsi synthesis s devadas   ar newton proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;     1986.0 
referee : trust management for web applications 1997.0 yh chu   j feigenbaum   ba lamacchia   p resnick   m www6 / computer networks    
progressive multilevel meshes from octree particles 1999.0 y yemez   f schmitt 3-d digital imaging and modeling   1999 . proceedings . second & hellip ;    
automatic extraction of motion trajectories in compressed sports videos proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 h yi   d rajan   lt chia   
false sharing and its effect on shared memory performance ml scott   wj bolosky technical report msr-tr-93-01   microsoft research   one microsoft  
a syntax-directed approach to inverse compilation cr hollander proc .  
xsn nmr studies of biological systems acc . chem . res   k kanamori   jd roberts   
are shame   guilt   and embarrassment distinct emotions ? jp tangney   rs miller   l flicker   dh barrow journal of personality and social psychology   1996.0    
fuzzy functional dependencies and lossless join decomposition of fuzzy relational database systems k raju   ak majumdar acm transactions on database systems   1988.0    
lie groups and algebraic groups al onishchik   eb vinberg 1990.0    
â ?? effi crently updatrng materlalrzed views ja blakeley   p larson   fw tompa proceedings of the 1986 acm-sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
normal forms and relational database operators r fagin    
variation in extinction risk among birds : chance or evolutionary predisposition ? pm bennett   ipf owens 1997.0  proceedings : biological sciences    
on the flux distribution in a onedimensional disordered system c monthus   a comtet j. phys . i france   1994.0    
online appendix to characterizing memory requirements for queries over continuous data streams 2004.0 j widom acm transactions on database systems    
numerical study of a prototype needle-free powdered vaccine and drug delivery system mp hardy   nj quinlan   maf kendall   bj bellhouse proceedings of the 23rd international symposium on shock & hellip ;    
moral   social   and civic issues . teacher 's resources . ph porterâ ? ¦ 1996.0  social studies and the young learner    
a coordinating board view . re mctarnaghan new directions for higher education     1974.0 
using a spatial synoptic climatological classification to assess changes in atmospheric pollution re davis   ls kalkstein physical geography      
protein metabolism and urea recycling in rodent hibernators ml riedesel   jm steffen fed proc   1980.0    
a densitometric study of an uneven development effect in infrared film . rj marshall j audiov media med     1978.0 
microsoft windows 3.1 k jamsa  microsoft  
nonlinear fiber optics 2nd edn academic press g agrawal san diego    
simple model for space charge region capacitance of an exponential-constant pn junction electronic letters   1990.0 fd ho   
examples in trpl t sheard   d stemple  university of massachusetts coins technical report  
efficient communication protocols and performance analysis for gigabit networks v sharma  1997.0 
offering a precision-performance tradeoff for aggregation queries over replicated data twenty-sixty c olston   j widom cairo   egypt   september      
encrypting file system in windows xp and windows server 2003 d cross  2002.0 
efficient compilation of lazy evaluation t johnsson    
computer animation with cinema dr kalasky   da davis   
financial forecasting using neural networks t soulez msc thesis . computer science department   university of  
extracting entity profiles from semistructured information spaces 1997.0 ra nado   sb huffman sigmod record    
semantics-preserving dimensionality reduction : rough and fuzzy-rough-based approaches r jensen   q shen ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
integrating association rule mining with relational database systems : alternatives and implications s sarawagi   s thomas   r agrawal  data mining and knowledge discovery   2000.0 
simple behavioural and physical interventions for nocturnal enuresis in children cm glazener   jh evans cochrane database syst rev     2002.0 
exploring windows nt executable files pc r duncan   
getting personal on the web personalization promise to teach corporations all they want to learn jk waters application development trends   2000.0    
a unified framework for resolving ambiguity in copy detection s roy   ec chang proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0    
hires : the high-resolution echelle spectrometer on the keck 10-m telescope ss vogt   sl allen   bc bigelow   l bresee   b brown    proc .  
adaptive   best-effort delivery of live audio and video across packet-switched networks k jeffay   dl stone proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1994.0    
leap : implementing a welfare initiative to improve school attendance among teenage parents d bloom   h kopp   d long   d polit  new york : manpower demonstration research corporation    
extraction of object-oriented structures from existing relational databases s ramanathan   j hodges sigmod record   1997.0    
change and love in an intimate note to the sincere seekers ss ravi-shankar  1999.0 
the relationship between theories about groups and adult learning groups s imel   ej tisdell new directions for adult and continuing education   1996.0    
mining all maximal frequent word sequences in a set of sentences h ahonen-myka  proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
comparing and aggregating rankings with ties r fagin   r kumar   m mahdian   d sivakumar   e vee   
programmed word length computer al lucke   
repeating history beyond aries vldb   c mohan  1999.0 
thermal resistance of gallium-arsenide field-effect transistors pw webb    
caprera : an activity framework for transaction processing on wide-area networks s kumar   ek kwang   d agrawal proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1997.0 
statistical design using variable parameter variances and application to cellular neural networks i fajfar   
tiny bubbles   '' 1997.0 s leroy   
event detection in baseball video using superimposed caption recognition d zhang   sf chang   
a normal form for relational databases that is based on domains and keys r fagin acm transactions on database systems   1981.0    
social networks and the performance of individuals and groups rt sparrowe   rc liden   sj wayne   ml kraimer    
amantadine and memantine are nmda receptor antagonists with neuroprotective properties j kornhuber   m weller   k schoppmeyer   p riederer  journal of neural transmission supplementum   1994.0 
telecommuters and work groups : a communication network analysis f belanger   
dimensionality of observer ratings on the california adult q-set 1994.0 k lanning journal of personality and social psychology    
the use of genetic algorithms in the construction of mixed multilevel orthogonal arrays rb safadi   rh wang proceedings of the 23rd symposium of the interface between & hellip ;      
characterization of hypoxia : topic 1 report for the integrated assessment of hypoxia in the gulf of md   nn rabalais   re turner   d justic   q dortch   wj   
sampling microbes from the rhizosphere and phyllosphere lmc dandurand   gr knudsen see ref      
japan loves wireless a cohen pc magazine      
recent results of dust explosion studies at the lake lynn experimental mine es weiss   nb greninger   mj sapko proceedings of the 23rd international conference of safety & hellip ;      
kohonenâ ?? s self organizing feature maps for exploratory data analysis a ultsch   hp siemon  proc . innc    
recognition of sign language gestures using neural networks p vamplew   a adams  & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems   1998.0 
one small candle : the true story of alina and leo bacall unpublished l murphy   
smalltalk session b ryder history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   1996.0    
interest group interaction and groundwater policy formation in the southwest za smith 1983.0    
characterization of ulpa filters r wepfer  icccs90   zurich   switzerland    
alumni affinity cards-the developing relationship proceedings of the 23rd emac conference   maastricht   no   s horne   s worthington   
the making of a complex spike : ionic composition and plasticity mt schmolesky   jt weber   ci de zeeuw   c hansel annals-new york academy of sciences     2002.0 
context-dependent perceptual and functional categorization in 10.5-month-olds vt kolstad   r baillargeon unpublished manuscript    
query by diagram : a graphical environment for querying databases t catarci   g santucci sigmod conference   1994.0    
giving users the keys to their web content t ouellette computerworld    
new neighbor search in large metric space s brin proceedings of the  
'' spartan : a model-based semantic compression system for massive data tables acm sigmod record   s babu   m garofalakis   r rastogi  2001.0 
chimu hydraulic technology and statecraft on the north coast of peru   ad 1000-1470 cr ortloff see ref    
recovery of cfsm-based protocol and service design from protocol execution traces k saleh   r probert   k al-saqabi information and software technology   1999.0    
taking into account of user tasks   goals and behavior for the design of online public access nj belkin   s chang   t downs   t saracevic   s zhao  d. hendersen   proceedings of asis    
collaborative learning : shared inquiry as a process of reform j macgregor new directions for teaching and learning   1990.0 
the hydrography of the mid-latitude northeast atlantic ocean ii : the intermediate water masses deep-sea research i   2000.0 hm van aken   
digital manipulatives : new toys to think with m resnick   f martin   r berg   r borovoy   v colella      
on computing functions with uncertainty s khanna   wc tan    
adaptive stream resource management using kalman filters proc . acm sigmod   2004.0 a jain   ey chang   yf wang   
maintenance and testing effort modeled by linear and nonlinear dynamic systems f calzolari   p tonella   g antoniol information & software technology   2001.0    
fuzzy heterogeneous neural networks for signal forecasting l belanche   jj valdes   r alquezar procs . of    
mechanisms governing empowerment effects : a self-efficacy analysis journal of personality and social psychology   em ozer   a bandura  1990.0 
jellyfish blooms in the mediterranean : causes   mechanisms   impact on man and the environment . a 1991.0 v axiak   fs civili unep   athens ( greece ) . 1991.    
krishna   kulkarni   peter schwarz   kathy zeidenstein   sql and management of external data j melton   je michels   v josifovski sigmod record   mar    
a theoretical investigation of the compression of a ductile material between smooth flat dies phil . mag   ap green   
overview of physiological and pathophysiological effects of thromboxane a 2 ml ogletree fed proc   1987.0 
server version 4.0 nt windows   1996.0 
epiploic appendagitis : the emergency department presentation 2002.0 el legome   al belton   re murray   pm rao   ra journal of emergency medicine    
converting nested relational algebra expressions into at algebra expressions j paredaens   d van gucht  acm transaction on database systems    
multiple-access protocols and time-constrained communication 1984.0 jf kurose   m schwartz   y yemini acm computing surveys ( csur )    
can the people 's republic catch up ? . vj mantor  computerworld.   1983.0 
a case for associative peer-to-peer overlays . volume 33   january 2003 e cohen   a fiat   h kaplan proceedings of acm hotnets-i ( october    
independent component analysis versus pca c jutten   j herault proc . eusipco      
refugee production : an exploration of cold war and post-cold war eras lk zottarelli   1999.0 
towards exploiting link evolution s chien   c dwork   r kumar   d sivakumar unpublished manuscript   2001.0    
improved methods for the isolation and detection of giardia-cysts and cryptosporidium-oocysts from dvm thesis   university of zurich   switzerland   w regli   
programs sponsored by multicampus systems   consortia   networks   and associations . sa mcdade new directions for higher education   1994.0 
perilous conduct : initiating   developing and transforming the relationship between student and p clarke   m fielding  & hellip ; educational research association   seattle   washington    
re-designing distance functions and distance based applications for high dimensional data sigmod record   cc aggarwal  2001.0 
expert system for coal mine roof bolt design a ghosh   s harpalani   jkk daemon proc . 28th us rock mechanics symposium      
a cartographic animation of average yearly surface temperatures for the 48 contiguous united states : cr weber 1991.0    
treatise on the shift operator : spectral function theory nk nikol ` skii   1986.0 
using taxonomy   dicriminants   and signatures to navigate in text databases s chakrabarti   b dom   r agrawal   p raghavan    
a study of shift control using the clutch pressure pattern in automatic transmission proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2003.0 w han   sj yi   
stabilized finite element method for the navierâ ?? stokes problem yn he   yp lin   ww sun   
the distribution of money and prices in search equilibrium m molico  unpublished manuscript   1999.0 
process locking : a protocol based on ordered shared locks for the execution of transactional h schuldt    
the geography of disadvantage in rural scotland b home   j home   lof journals   em alerts   s index      
positioning in mobile ad hoc networks s tschumi  semester thesis   eth zurich   switzerland    
programming the microsoft windows driver model   2âª ediã § ã # o w oney   2003.0 
garnet : uses of demonstrational techniques & hellip ; what i do : programming by demonstration table of contents   ba myers  1993.0 
leo å ? db2â ?? s learning optimizer m stillger   gm lohman   v markl   m kandil the vldb journal    
a new admission control metric for voip traffic in 802.11 networks s garg   
participatory leadership strategy . we moomaw new directions for higher education     1984.0 
the development of the c programming language history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   1996.0 dm ritchie   
dimensionality reduction and similarity computation by inner-product approximations o egecioglu ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
automated statistics collection in action p haas   m kandil   a lerner   v markl   i popivanov   proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;     2005.0 
functional interaction of escherichia coli rna polymerase with inorganic polyphosphate genes to cells   1997.0 s kusano   a ishihama   
building a zero-latency enterprise b enslow   r schulte gartnergroup inc.   gartner analytics service report com-05 -  
a distributed algorithm for finding k disjoint paths of minimum total length c cheng   spr kumar   jj garcia-luna-aceves proc . 28th annual allerton conference on communication   & hellip ;    
issues in the writing of contemporary history history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   jan lee  1996.0 
th   & tibshirani   r. ( 1998 ) . additive logistic regression : a statistical view of boosting j friedman technical report   department of statistics   stanford  
magmatism at an oceanic spreading-ridge examples from the samail ophiolite   oman js pallister  ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1980.0 
extraction of object-oriented schemas from existing relational databases : a form-driven approach m malki   a flory   mk rahmouni 2002.0  informatica    
theorizing change : the role of professional associations in the transformation of institutionalized r greenwood   r suddaby   cr hinings academy of management journal   2002.0 
viewfinder : an object browser ad ` atri   a motro   l tarantino information & software technology     1999.0 
project transition : testing an intervention to help high school freshmen succeed j quint 1999.0    
immunocytochemically detectable metallothionein in granulation tissue surrounding mucosal ulceration ag douglas-jones   nd thomas   me elmes   b jasani the histochemical journal   1992.0    
ancillary reports : kernel design project . june 1977 dd clark mit/lcs/tm -87   laboratory for computer science   massachusetts    
customizing the technology roadmapping approach r phaal   cjp farrukh   jf mills   dr probert    
server-supported signatures lecture notes in computer science   n asokan   g tsudik   m waidner  1996.0 
outsourcer confirms demise of reservation coalition plan m halper computerworld      
oopdarus department of housing and urban development ( 1979 ) ka peroff   cl davis   r jones gautreaux housing demonstration : an evaluation of its impact & hellip ;      
entropy of the sum of independent bernoulli random variables and of the multinoial distribution technical report 131   department of statistics   stanford la shepp   i olkin   
running an effective help desk : planning   implementing   marketing   automating   improving   c barbara   1994.0 
combatting and equalizing the effects of pmd in 40 gb/s systems and beyond r noã ©    
inside microsoft windows ce j murray   1998.0 
integrating web usage and content mining for more effective personalization b mobasher   h dai   t luo   y sun   j zhu lecture notes in computer science   2000.0    
distributed music trioâ ?? media synchronization over wide area networks j escobar 1994.0  proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;    
time-domain electromagnetics and its applications ieee   proceedings   1978.0 cl bennett   gf ross   
dopamine for prevention of morbidity and mortality in term newborn infants with suspected perinatal r hunt   d osborn  cochrane database syst rev   2002.0 
cultural norms affect oral communication in the classroom e johnson 1997.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
on finding primal { and dual { optimal bases . rj 6328 ( 61997 ) n megiddo ibm almaden research center   san jose   california      
5.0 documentation . component tools guide v basic  1997.0 
construction of bent functions via niho power functions h dobbertin   g leander   a canteaut   c carlet   p    
pub . l. rev. 185 ( 1992 ) . 19 . 29 uscâ § 793 ; 41 cfrâ § 60â ?? 741.1 ( 2000 ) . 20 u st louis   
the reduction of intergroup tensions : a survey of research on problems of ethnic   racial   and 1947.0 rm williams   
extensible mpeg-4 textual format kmwsc lt proc . acm multimedia      
spectral analysis of heart rate without resampling gb moody time  
algorithms for parameter estimation in dynamic tracer studies using positron-emission tomography jm ollinger   1986.0 
extinction   weak extinction and persistence in a discrete   competitive lotka-volterra model dm chan   je franke  applied mathematics and computer science   2000.0 
induction of islet transplantation tolerance using donor specific transfusion and anti-cd154 transplantation proceedings   aa rossini   jp mordes   tg markees   ne phillips   ej  1999.0 
the usage of systems development methods : are we stuck to old practices ? a giorgio   l tarantino   n mariniello   g de stefano information and software technology   1998.0    
evolutionary learning of a fuzzy control rule base for an autonomous vehicle f homann   g pster    
towards a reduces commitment j chen   k vijay-shanker  d-theory style tag parser . '' in proceedings of the & hellip ;    
sleep deprivation : effects on work capacity   self-paced walking   contractile properties and cd rodgers   dh paterson   da cunningham   eg noble sleep-new york -   1995.0 
self-regulatory mechanisms governing the impact of social comparison on complex decision making journal of personality and social psychology   a bandura   fj jourden   
combining trust region and line search techniques j nocedal   y yuan    
fuzzy queries in multimedia database systems r fagin    
theta functions on riemann surfaces jd fay  1973.0 
on the tails of the distribution of the maximum of a gaussian process jm bardet   m wschebor   2000.0 
extraction automatique dâ ?? associations textuelles ã ? partir de corpora non traitã?s g dias   s guillorã ©   jgp lopes    
clusteringmethodsfortheanalysisofdnamicroarray data r tibshirani   t hastie   m eisen   d ross   d stanford university department of statistics technical report    
implementation of impure surrogates . very large data bases international conference on very large data bases   sm deen   
for windows 95 v spss seattle : microsoft      
semint : a system prototype for semantic integration in heterogeneous databases ws li   c clifton proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1995.0    
teaching minority students we sedlacek new directions for teaching and learning    
beyond neopositivists   romantics   and localists : a reflexive approach to interviews in academy of management review   m alvesson  2003.0 
the western canon : the books and school of the ages h bloom    
a micropower learning vector quantizer for parallel analog-to-digital data compression j lubkin   g cauwenberghs    
partial method compilation using dynamic profile information j whaley    
measurement of program complexity by the pair : ( cyclomatic number   operator count ) wj hansen acm sigplan notices     1978.0 
the mouse mammary tumor viruses p hageman   j calafat   ih daams  see ref    
nmr-relaxation time measurements of noble gas isotope xe-129 dissolved in isotropic and anisotropic 1991.0 k oikarinen   j jokisaari proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ;    
the epidemiology of multiple sclerosis we hogancamp   m rodriguez   bg weinshenker mayo clinic proceedings   1997.0 
al ` intã © rieur de systã ¨ me de fichiers de windows nt h custer    
fastmap : a fast algorithm for indexing   data-mining and visualization of traditional and multimedia proceedings of acm sigmod   1995.0 k lin   c faloutsos   
generating machine processable representations of textual representations of auml jl koning   i romero-hernandez lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
the likelihood ratio test in the model of the completely randomized block design with student 's t j grala   k katulska   
erp problems plague college : cleveland state canâ ?? t process financial aid using peoplesoft c stedman  computerworld    
low-flux spatial structures of mev protons at 1â ?? 10 au during quiet-time periods proc . 28th intern . cosmic ray conf   k kecskemety   yi logachev   m zeldovich   
algorithm of extremal regulation of the energy distribution in a power reactor iy emel ` yanov   vv postnikov   gv yurkin  at .  
a new nmr data standard for the exchange and archiving for multi-dimensional data sets an davies   
distributed routing algorithms for multi-hop ad hoc networks using d-hop connected d-dominating sets 2005.0 mq rieck   s pai   s dhar   mq rieck   s pai   s dhar computer networks    
what does the design of effective cscl require and how do we study its effects g salomon acm sigcue outlook   1992.0 
decimalisation table attacks for pin cracking m bond   p zielinski unpublished manuscript     2002.0 
ã?bungstypologie zum kommunikativen deutschunterricht   langenscheidt   mã 1/4 nchen   1996 g neuner   m krã?ger   u grewer    
recovery protocols for shared memory database systems sigmod conference   1995.0 ld molesky   k ramamritham   
efficient content location in mobile ad hoc networks j tchakarov    
active tioga documents : an exploration of two paradigms db terry   dg baker   
offering a precision-performance tradeoff for aggregation queries over replicated data c olston   j widom vldb     2000.0 
extendible hashing : a fast access method for dynamic les r fagin   j nievergelt   n pippenger   r strong  acm transactions on database systems    
contact chemoreceptor mechanisms in the california rock lobster   panulirus interruptus ( randall ) je lindsey   1976.0 
a case for end system multicast 2000.0 ycs rao   h zhang proceedings of acm sigmetrics    
optimizing continuous multijoin queries over distributed streams y zhou   y yan   bc ooi   kl tan   a zhou  proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
on the capacity of disjointly shared networks computer networks   1986.0 jc lagarias   am odlyzko   d zagier   
the notions of consistency and predicate locks in a database system kp eswaren   j gray   r lorie   i traiger comm . acm    
sawhney harpreet s. and shim kyuseok . fast similarity search in the presence of noise   scaling   and a rakesh   l king-ip  proceedings of the 21 stvldb conference   zã 1/4 rich   & hellip ;    
deveopment of the richard j. brown library informational kiosk rr davis    
view adaptation in the fragment-based approach fb approach 2004.0  ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering    
single-shot spectral measurements of multimode pulsed dye lasers ( abstract only ) t kajava   h lauranto   r salomaa 1991.0  oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;    
how do we tell truths that might hurt ew dijkstra  acm sigplan notices   1982.0 
f16 jet engine trending and diagnostics with neural networks proc . spie    
force control of one degree-of-freedom manipulators using fuzzy impedance models k watanabe   t ohtsubo  procs . of the 15th sice kyushu branch annual conference    
automating decision guidance in a group decision environment proceedings of the international conference on information & hellip ;   1993.0 m limayem   g desanctis   
programmerâ ?? s reference ole ole microsoft corporation      
volcanism and continentâ ?? island arc collision in the pentadaktylos range   cyprus proc int oph symp cyprus   f baroz   
in : pcr protocols : a guide to methods and applications 1990.0 s kwok   
nonlinear problems of elasticity ss antman   1994.0 
video segmentation combining similarity analysis and classification m cooper    
the ina : a simple query language with only attribute names bi blum   rd semmel proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;     1990.0 
the relationship between upper-level divergent outflow magnitude as measured by doppler radar and conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   & hellip ;   a witt   sp nelson  1984.0 
analogue vlsiâ ?? integrate-and-fireâ ?? neuron with frequency adaptation sr schultz   ma jabri 1995.0  electronic letters    
table de radionuclã © ides vp chechev isbn    
object reusability : the making of data management m fowles  conference proceedings on data management 91 table of & hellip ;   1992.0 
isolation of sperm cells from the trinucleate pollen of sugar beet ( bern vulgaris ) je nielsen   p olesen see ref      
on herpetic inflammations of the geniculate ganglion : a new syndrome and its complications jr hunt   1907.0 
monitoring stream properties for continuous query processing u srivastava   s babu   j widom    
combining edges and points for interactive anti-aliased rendering k bala   b walter   d greenberg    
efficiently supporting ad hoc queries in large datasets of time sequences proc . acm sigmod int . conf . management kf jagadish   h faloutsos   
explosion products content of water and soil samples taken on vieques island   puerto rico . white oak mg lai  md    
what we can learn from coursework patterns about improving the undergraduate curriculum . jl ratcliff new directions for higher education   1992.0    
automated support of software maintenance information and software technology   1991.0 k bennett   
the forgotten vital sign : temperature patterns and associations in 642 trauma patients at an urban j mize   j koziol-mclain   sr lowenstein journal of emergency nursing   1993.0 
on the possibility and impossibility of achieving clock synchronization proceedings of the sixteenth annual acm symposium on theory & hellip ;   1984.0 d dolev   j halpern   hr strong   
the possible-world wide web intensional programming ww wadge   a yoder   
norms rather than leadership : how to manage vanishing resource and inequity c von borgstede  unpublished manuscript    
field measurements of residual strain in granitic rock masses hs swolfs   j handin   hr pratt  see price    
communications programming for windows 95 ca mirho   a terrisse   1996.0 
neftekhimiya ai akhmedov   am levshina   za sadykhov no . i      
report shows monitoring of employees on the rise t diederich computerworld    
n rand raveau b 1989 acc . chem . res   cnr rao   
entity relationship modelling addison-wesley pub co r barker   1990.0 
monitoring software l seltzer pc magazine      
one flavor assumption and gamma-acyclicity for universal relation views h biskup   l schnetgoke proceedings of the fifth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1985.0 
history and focus ieee c work   
audio illusions for audio feedback companion proceedings of acm m beaudouin-lafon   s conversy   
aries/im : an efficient and high concurrency index management method using write-ahead c mohan   f levine 1989.0    
the canonical metric for vector quantization j baxter submitted for publication   1995.0    
competitve strategy m porter new york    
the family transition program : implementation and three-year impacts of floridaâ ?? s initial time - d bloom   m farrell   jj kemple   n verma  1999.0 
also called jscp c authorities   
views   objects   and databases g wiederhold   
exploring an unknown polygonal environment with a sensor based strategy submitted for publication   s ghosh   j burdick   
fast   flexible and accurate data locality analysis fj sanchez   a gonzalez  procs . of pact    
the complexity of testing predicate locks hb hunt   
environmental influences on groups pb paulus   d nagar  see paulus    
course description : itop geography    
functions in databases mh graham 1983.0  acm transactions on database systems    
acceptable probability and the scale of a serious accident at a nuclear power plant at . ea ivanov   lp khamâ ?? yanov   
user interfaces challenges of media design ( panel ) m arent   a hodges   s houde   e waymire proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ;   1995.0 
weak scattering in random media   with applications to remote probing rw lee   jc harp proc . ieee    
query by diagram : a visual environment for querying databases g santucci   pa sottile   
for dynamic files acm tods   r fagin   ehafa mechanism   
techniques for speeding up range-max queries in olap data cubes ct ho   r agrawal   n megiddo   jj tsay ibm research report    
global wires harmful r otten proc . int . symp . physical design   1998.0    
sim eon   j. : â ?? statix : making xml countâ ?? proceedings of the 2002 acm sigmod intl. conf . on management j freire   jr haritsa   m ramanath   p roy   
thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura presenting as bilateral flank pain and hematuria : a case report za qasim   ra partridge journal of emergency medicine   2001.0    
mechanisms of osmolyte release 1998.0 rkh kinne contributions to nephrology    
building a scalable and accurate copy detection mechanism proceedings of 1st acm international conference on digital & hellip ;   h garcia-molina   n shivakumar   
lattice filters   for adaptive processing b friedlander 1982.0  ieee   proceedings    
static analysis of intensional databases in u-datalog ( extended abstract ) proceedings of the fifteenth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ;   e bertino   b catania  1996.0 
improving end-to-end performance of the web using server volumes andproxy filters e cohen   b krishnamurthy   j rexford proc . acm    
combining linguistics with statistics for multiword term extraction : a fruitful association g dias   s guillorã ©   jc bassano   jgp lopes proceedings of recherche dâ ?? informations assistee par & hellip ;    
characterizing pbd systems a cypher   ds kosbie   d maulsby & hellip ; what i do : programming by demonstration table of contents     1993.0 
building a convincing test of a public housing employment program using non-experimental methods hs bloom new york : manpower demonstration research corporation    
peer mentoring among graduate students of color : expanding the mentoring relationship new directions for teaching and learning   1994.0 j bonilla   c pickron   t tatum   
grammar-like functional rules for representing @ erytinrition alternatives g ldrrrtan proc . 1988 sigmod   je      
the implications of cache affinity on processor scheduling for multiprogrammed   shared memory r vaswani   j zahorjan proceedings of the thirteenth acm symposium on operating & hellip ;     1991.0 
over-expression of human dna polymerase lambda in e. coli and characterization of the recombinant genes to cells   n shimazaki   k yoshida   t kobayashi   s toji   k  2002.0 
atomicity and isolation for transactional processes acm transactions on database systems   h schuldt   g alonso   c beeri   hj schek  2002.0 
distance-based software measurement : necessary and sufficient properties for software measures information & software technology   2000.0 g poels   g dedene   
workstation 3.51 product overview   1995 microsoft nt windows   
the prototype of the dare system t catarci   g santucci    
a case for redundant arrays of inexpensive disks ( raid )   '' acm sigmod intl da patterson   ga gibson   rh katz conf . on data management      
bernoulli numbers   homotopy groups and a theorem of rohlin m kervaire   j milnor proc . int . congress   edinborough      
spaces of citizenship : an introduction j painter   c philo political geography   1995.0    
metrics and software structure 1987.0 ne fenton   aa kaposi information and software technology    
â ?? comparison of erosion rates of carbon-carbon and molybdenum ion optics js meserole   de hedges proceedings of the 23rd international electric propulsion  
castor oil   bath and/or enema for cervical priming and induction of labour aj kelly   j kavanagh   j thomas cochrane database syst rev   2002.0    
non ionizing near infrared radiation transillumination spectroscopy for breast tissue density and mk simick   r jong   bc wilson   l lilge submitted for    
bounds for smoothness of refinable functions   february 2004 h thielemann    
nt 5.0 and beyond mj miller pc magazine nov      
bayesian imitation learning in a robotic head ap shon   db grimes   cl baker   rpn rao nips ( demonstration track )    
continues queries over data streams s babu   j widom sigmod record      
switching from a primal { dual newton algorithm to a primal { dual ( interior ) simplex { algorithm . rj n megiddo ibm almaden research center   san jose   california      
updating derived relations : detecting irrelevant and autonomously computable updates ja blakeley   n coburn   pv larson acm transactions on database systems     1989.0 
the charge distribution of multiply charged nuclei in the primary cosmic radiation phil . mag   cj waddington   
proposizione xxxvi refers not to ptolemy 's v problema    
noise colour and the risk of population extinctions proceedings : biological sciences   j ripa   p lundberg  1996.0 
defining international education hm hansen new directions for higher education   2002.0 
multicast routing and wavelength assignment in wide-area networks 1998.0 g sahin   m azizoglu proc . spie    
topics in the theory of random noise   translated by ra silverman ( gordon and breach   new york   1963 ) rl stratonovich vol .    
amnesia : a minimal model and an interpretation a baddeley see cermak      
quantum groups and the yang-baxter equation m jimbo  to  
inside windows nt ( microsoft programming series ) 1998.0 da solomon   
the student credit hour : an international exploration tr wolanin new directions for higher education   2003.0    
hosting the . net runtime in microsoft sql server a acheson   m bendixen   ja blakeley   p carlin   e  proceedings of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2004.0 
specific and infraspecific delimitation c van steenis  flora malesiana i    
signal-dependent nonlinearities for physical models using time-varying fractional delay filters v vã $ limã $ ki   t tolonen   m karjalainen   
heat transfer in circulating fluidized bed a sekthira   y lee   we genetti proceedings of the 25 thnational heat transfer conference   & hellip ;      
mechanisms for distributed shared memory sk reinhardt  1996.0 
model-based motion estimation for synthetic animations m agrawala   ac beers   n chaddha   
scientific journals : extinction or explosion ? ( panel ) r ramakrishnan   h garcia-molina   g rossbach   a proceedings of the 21th international conference on very & hellip ;     1995.0 
re-designing distance functions and distance-based applications for high dimensional applications proc . of sigmod-pods   cc aggarwal   
near infrared camera and multi-object spectrometer instrument handbook   version 4.1   june 2001   ab schultz  md    
continuous queries over data streams j widom   s babu sigmod record      
hope : an efficient parallel fault simulator for synchronous sequential circuits hklds ha proc . 29th dac    
vestibulo-ocular relations see ref   b cohen   
taking the initiative : alternatives to government regulation . new directions for higher education   l stamato  1980.0 
print issn : 0004-0894 online issn : 1475-4762 frequency : quarterly current volume : 36 isi journal b home   j home   lof journals   em alerts   s index     
streaming raid : a disk storage for video and audio files f tobagi   j pang   r baird   m gang proc . of acm multimedia   anaheim      
racer system description v haarslev   r moller  lecture notes in computer science   2001.0 
continuation of hermitian positive definite functions and related questions mg krein   h langer  unpublished  
scientific journals : extinction or explosion ? proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1995.0 r ramakrishnan   
the relationship between personality   anger expression   and perceived family control among cj coles   af greene   ho braithwaite adolescence-san diego -   2002.0 
learning conjuctive concepts in structural domains d haussler proceedings of 1987 aaai conference   seattle   washington   & hellip ;    
origins of the apt language for automatically programmed tools dt ross history of programming languages     1978.0 
faloutsos . c. ( 1997 ) . efficiently supporting ad hoc queries in large datasets of time sequences proceedings f korn   h jagadish   
the garlie project mt rothâ ? ¦  proceedings of acm sigmod conference    
using directional antennas for medium access control in ad hoc networks rr choudhury   x yang   r ramanathan   nh vaidya    
the search for a model of healthcare-an analysis of the history and prospects as seen in the uk b cohen   b molteno  conf . procs . of the    
energy-efficient caching strategies in ad hoc wireless networks p nuggehalli   v srinivasan   cf chiasserini proceedings of acm mobihoc     2003.0 
attribution of responsibility and valence of success and failure in relation to initial confidence 1969.0 nt feather journal of personality and social psychology    
aries/kvl : a key-value locking method for concurrency control of multiaction transactions on b-tree c mohan proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;      
m. and   kandil   leo-db2 's learning optimizer m stillger   gm lohman   v markl proc of 27th vldb    
dbrs : a density-based spatial clustering method with random sampling x wang   hj hamilton  lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
beyond bits : the future of quantum processing r steane ieee computer    
horward . a complete axiomatization for functional and multivalued dependencies in database relations c beeri   r fagin   h john  proceedings of the 1977 acm sigmod international conference  
visual metaphors for interacting with databases t catarci   mf costabile   m matera   
the intentional programming overview c simonyi    
the new hope offer : participants in the new hope demonstration discuss work   family   and self - 1996.0 d benoit   
performance of water users associations in the operation and maintenance of irrigation districts   e palacios-veã ? lez  international conference on irrigation management transfer    
the administrative skills program : what have we learned ? . 1983.0 jj speizer new directions for higher education    
in search of the cuckoo 's nest . cs chi   hm kluepfel 1991.0  proceedings 25 th annual 1991 ieee international carnahan & hellip ;    
blood flow in simple microchannels 2000.0 w chang   d trebotich   lp lee   d liepmann see ref    
projections and chemical coding of neurons with immunor eactivity for nitric oxide synthase in the m costaâ ? ¦   
ramamritham . recovery protocolsfor sharedmemorydatabasesystems ld moleskyandk proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod    
final report on floridaâ ?? s initial time-limited welfare program d bloom   jj kemple   p morris   s scrivener   n verma    
communicator style in teaching : giving good form to content . rw norton new directions for teaching and learning     1986.0 
computer performance modeling handbook ss lavenberg   1983.0 
a viewpoint on software engineering and information systems : what we can learn from the construction de avison   d wilson 2001.0  information & software technology    
geophysical models for nuclear explosion monitoring me pasyanos   wr walter   m flanagan   
fm-cw doppler radar signal processing for precipitation measurements conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 lp ligthart   lr nieuwkerk   js van sinttruijen   
probing guanine structure in nucleic acid folding using nickel complexes cj burrows   se rokita  acc . chem . res    
the normal incidence grating inverse photoemission spectrometer in the energy range 8-28 ev ( abstract oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   t ollonqvist   l saisa   j vayrynen  1991.0 
adaptive   best-effort delivery of digital audio and video across packet-switched networks k jeffay   dl stone   t talley   fd smith  lecture notes in computer science   1993.0 
finite-tree analysis for constraint logic-based languages 2001.0 r bagnara   r gori   pm hill   e zaffanella lecture notes in computer science    
damping ratio of linear uncertain discrete-time systems cb soh    
authoritarianism and attitudes toward high achievers 1993.0 nt feather journal of personality and social psychology    
sql and management of external data j melton   je michels   v josifovski   k kulkarni   p acm sigmod record   2001.0 
oracle media server : providing consumer based interactive access to multimedia data a laursen   j olkin   m porter  sigmod conference   1994.0 
refinement theories in resolution theory d luckham symposium on automatic demonstration   lecture notes in math .    
data bubbles : quality preserving performance boosting proc . acm sigmod   m breuning   hp kriegel   p krã ¶ ger   j sander   
a and mott nf 1970 ea davis phil . mag      
control of force distribution for power grasp in the digits system k mirza   de orin    
copy detection mechanisms for digital documents s brin   j davis   h garcia-molina sigmod conference   1995.0    
report on the edbt '02 panel on scientific data integration sigmod record   o boucelma   s castano   c goble   v josifovski   z  2002.0 
hp finite element approximations on nonmatching grids for the stokes problem l filippini   a toselli technical report   eth   zurich   switzerland      
the archiecre of the eden system ed lazowska   hm levy   gt almes   mj fischer   rj    
spartan : a model-based semantic compression for massive data tables s babu   m garofalakis   r rastogi acm sigmod conference    
moving beyond the racial ravine ae alter   m severin  computerworld    
illustration in medical teaching . p cull 1978.0  j audiov media med    
on the selfsimilarity nature of ethemet traffic [ a ] we leland   ms taqqu   w willingerâ ? ¦  proc acm sigcomm    
atrial natriuretic factor : an overview aj de bold  fed proc   1986.0 
image wave : a study on image synchronization r suzuki   y iwadate   m minoh  proceedings of the seventh acm international conference on & hellip ;   1999.0 
an optical bench for anterior photography of the eye . j audiov media med   r ollerenshaw   p kilshaw   e dervin  1978.0 
multivariate dependencies and a new normal form for relational database r fagin acm tods    
changes of portal venous flow velocity after liver transplantation and its causes transplantation proceedings   m sukigara   s iwatsuki   a stieber   ag tzakis  1994.0 
converting prototypes to operational systems : evidence from preliminary industrial survey mp martin   jm carey information and software technology   1991.0    
fuzzy logic-based soc meter for primary lithium batts . p singh   c fennie   de reisner procs . 6th workshop for battery exp . dev.   williamsburg   va   & hellip ;    
models of respiratory phase-switching fed proc   1977.0 mi cohen   jl feldman   
inferring document similarity from hyperlinks proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   d grangier   s bengio  2005.0 
the leadership role of a dean new directions for higher education   1997.0 cm fagin   
an experimental comparison of model-based clustering methods m meilä ?   d heckerman machine learning   2001.0    
a pathogenesis of chronic subdural hematoma ; itâ ?? s relationship to subdural membrane t shimoji no to . shinkei geka     1992.0 
using taxonomy   discriminants   and signatures for navigating in text databases scbdr agrawal   p raghavan    
trends for the information technology industry g wiederhold    
digitalized signatures and public key functions as intractable as intractable as factorization mo rabin  1979.0 
attributional style in depression : a meta-analytic review pd sweeney   k anderson   s bailey  journal of personality and social psychology   1986.0 
generating diagram editors from formal specifications information and software technology   1992.0 f arefi   mt milani   
voluntary national content standards in economics : 20 enduring concepts and benchmarks for social studies and the young learner   1998.0 l engstrom   b meszaros   
research methods in education l cohen   l manion   
using lightweight checkpoint/recovery to improve the availability and designability of shared memory 2002.0 dj sorin   
neural networks in antennas and microwaves : a practical approach z raida   
automated design and optimization of management information system software ph. d th m morgenstern   1976.0 
aries/kvl : a key-value locking method for concurrency control of multiaction transactions operating c mohan 1990.0  vldb    
nonlinear interactions and wave run-up near a gbs proc . 29th int . conf . coastal engineering ( this conference ) . & hellip ;   e jamois   o kimmoun   b molin   y stassen   
organization and management of the evaluation function in a multilevel organization 1981.0 ma abramson   js wholey new directions for program evaluation    
growth monitoring in children r panpanich   p garner 2000.0  cochrane database syst rev    
etal   1998   a & a supp press ( procs . rome conference on j bloom   
on the recognition and design of acyclic databases 1984.0 ad ` atri   m moscarini proceedings of the 3rd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;    
oxytocin for prelabour rupture of membranes at or near term bp tan   me hannah cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
topic   focus and the grammar pragmatics interface jk gundel    
fastmap : a fast algorithm for indexing   data-mining and visualization of traditional and multimedia c faloutsos   ki lin md    
estimating a kernel fisher discriminant in the presence of label noise nd lawrence   b scholkopf    
from hopl to hopl-ii ( 1978â ?? 1993 ) : 15 years of programming language development history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   je sammet  1996.0 
issues in the history of computing ms mahoney  history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   1996.0 
model-based reasoning for complex flight systems m balduccini   m gelfond   
range sum queries in dynamic olap data cubes cooperative database systems for advanced applications   2001 & hellip ;   hg li   tw ling   sy lee   zx loh  2001.0 
relationship of rickettsial physiology and composition to the rickettsia-host cell interaction fe austin   hh winkler  see ref    
contemporary deontology n davis a companion to ethics    
sampling large databases for association rules h toivonen vldb   1996.0    
h   c. davis   d. richardson and tl groy om yaghi   h li acc . chem . res      
the current status of nonoperative management of adult blunt hepatic injuries . hl pachter   sr hofstetter  journal of emergency medicine   1995.0 
ten key it challenges for the next 20 years d moschella  computerworld    
attitude change and attitude attribution : effects of incentive   choice   and consequences journal of personality and social psychology   bj calder   m ross   ca insko   
specification and automated processing of security requirements ( sapsâ ?? 05 ) proceedings of the 20th ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;   c rudolph   a maã ± a  2005.0 
new tools and old habits : the interactive searching behavior of expert online searchers using j koenemann   r quatrain   c cool   nj belkin md    
representations for text categorization technical report   microsoft research   s dumais   j platt   d heckerman   msil algorithms   
neural networks and the automatic selection of financial ratios proc . of the 29th hawaii int . conference on systems science . & hellip ;   d trigueiros   
on the densification process of porous materials under uniaxial compression : theory and experiments a shirizly   j tirosh   l rubinski   1996.0 
analysis of databases at the logical level : the dba compagnon project f de marchi   s lopes   jm petit   f toumani  sigmod record    
self-regulation mechanisms in galactic discs ( abstract only ) a romeo oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 
spectral classificatoin of comets study of comets   proceedings of iau colloq . 25   held in & hellip ;   j bouska  1976.0 
foreign body ingestions in the emergency department : case reports and review of treatment ke blaho   ks merigian   sl winbery   lj park   m journal of emergency medicine   1998.0    
a research status report on adaptation for mobile data acess sigmod record   bd nobel   m satyanarayanan   
samsara-honor among thieves in p2p storage lp cox   bd noble  proc . of acm sosp    
charge carried by rontgen ions phil . mag   jj thomson   
the k-way refinement tree partitioning method for adaptive grids wf mitchell    
matrix transpose on meshes with wormhole and xy routing ct ho    
finite element cad for microwave filters s verdeyme   d billargeat   s bila   s moraud   h proc 28th eumc workshop   amsterdam   netherlands   oct    
on automating web service description vldb journal   v ( 14 )   b benatallah   mha leger   c rey   f toumani   
programming microsoft windows ce 1998.0 d boling   
data-driven design of rasta-like filters s van vuuren   h hermansky   
j er ome sim eon.â ?? statix : making xml countâ ?? proceedings of the 2002 acm sigmod intl. conf . on management & hellip ;   j freire   jr haritsa   m ramanath   p roy   
algorithms for mining distance based outliers in large databases e knorr   r ng proceedings of vldb   new york    
graefe 1993 : ja blakeley   wj mckenna   and g. graefe   experiences building the open oodb query mk blakeley proc . acm sigmod  
analysis of the vhsic hardware description language dc luckham   y huh   s ghosh   a stanculescu technical report   computer systems laboratory   stanford  
integration of heterogeneous databases without common domains using queries based on textual ww cohen sigmod conference     1998.0 
multi-district trainer of trainers institute : a trainer of trainers model focused on the acquisition me calderã ³ n  1986.0 
a step beyond a database gh anthes  computerworld    
national health insurance in poland : a coach without horses ? ( visited jan. 20   2000 ) < http://www . pdf >   p berman   
archives specializing in the history of computing bh bruemmer history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   1996.0    
superimposition : a component adaptation technique j bosch    
can work incentives pay for themselves ? : final report on the self-sufficiency project for welfare 2003.0 r ford   
journalism ethics d elliot   de cohen santa barbara   california : abc-clio    
how total quality management initiatives can inspire leadership . s westerman new directions for higher education   1994.0 
new sampling-based summary statistics for improving approximate query answers . pages 331 -- 342 1998.0 pb gibbons   y matias   
a neuroeconomics approach to measuring human loss functions 2004.0 kp kã ¶ rding   i fukunaga   d wolpert   
institutional approaches in economic geography r martin 2000.0  companion to economic geography    
the exodus query optimizer g grã $ fe   d dewitt  proc . acm sigmod  
the   th   nieweg   ho   kapsenberg m langenhuysen jg : demonstration of igm cytomegalovirus-antibodies as an & hellip ;    
identifying density-based local outliers mm bruenig   hp kriegel   rt ng   j sander proceedings of the acm sigmod conference on management of & hellip ;      
obstruction-free synchronization : double-ended queues as an example v luchangco   m moir   n shavit proceedings of the 23rd international conference on & hellip ;    
mapping extended entity relationship model to object modeling technique j fong 1995.0  sigmod record    
beyond aop : toward naturalistic programming cv lopes   p dourish   dh lorenz   k lieberherr   
angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors in normotensive diabetic patients with microalbuminuria hg lovell cochrane database syst rev     2000.0 
a new approach to computing optimal schedules for the job-shop scheduling problem p martin   db shmoys 1996.0  lecture notes in computer science    
transplantation of livers from non-heart-beating donors is possible by core cooling technique transplant proc   1989.0 t hoshino   i koyama   n nagashima   m kadokura   m   
acoustic methods for the remote probing of the lower atmosphere cg little  proc . ieee    
biological control of aphids in lettuce using in-field insectaries we chaney see ref    
recognizing financial distress patterns using a neural network tool pk coats    
an algorithm for convex polytopes dr chand   ss kapur journal of the acm ( jacm )   1970.0    
introduction to the conll-2005 shared task : semantic role labeling x carreras   l mã rquez proceedings of conll-2005      
control-flow semantics of use cases in uml kg van den berg   ajh simons    
graphical interaction with heterogeneous databases t catarci   g santucci   j cardiff the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1997.0    
educating engineers to manage technology : an international comparison dl babcock   be lloyd   
objectives to direct the training of emergency medicine residents on off-service rotations : mf boyle   ma eilers   rl hunt   j krohmer   gc  journal of emergency medicine   1990.0 
kernel k-means   spectral clustering and normalized cuts is dhillon   y guan   b kulis   
efficient content location in wireless ad hoc networks j tchakarov   n vaidya    
agile : adaptive indexing for context-aware information filters proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 jp dittrich   pm fischer   d kossmann   
emergency department protocols for domestic violence ja snyder  journal of emergency nursing   1994.0 
au coeur du systã ¨ me de fichiers de windows nt h custer   1994.0 
the case for raid : redundant arrays of inexpensive disks d patterson   g gibson   r katz proc . 1988 acm-sigmod conference on management of data   & hellip ;    
mpi-video prototype systems ( video ) 1995.0 a katkere   dy kuramura   p kelly   s moezzi   s proceedings of the third acm international conference on & hellip ;    
aries/sd : a transaction recovery and concurrency control method for the shared disks environment ibm research report   ibm almaden research center   & hellip ;   c mohan   i narang   
fas-a freshness-sensitive coordination middleware for a cluster of olap components u rohm   k bohm   hj schek   h schuldt int . conf . on very large data bases   2002.0    
quantum groups c de concini   c procesi lecture notes in mathematics-springer verlag -     1993.0 
active noise and vibration control sj elliott applied mathematics and computer science   1998.0 
myths beyond tco computerworld   m gartenberg   
an evaluation of two ten-year sediment budgets   nahal yael   israel ap schick   j lekach  physical geography    
emergency department treatment of migraine   tension   and mixed-type headache sh thomas   ck stone journal of emergency medicine   1994.0    
organizational agent systems for intelligent enterprise modelling 2000.0 dj wu electronic markets    
beyond ethnic enclaves : location strategies of chinese producer service firms in los angeles . y zhou economic geography     1998.0 
activation of thalamocortical projections related to tremorogenic processes d albe-fessard   g guiot   y lamarre   g arfel  see rel    
yun   an adaptative agent for automated web browsing s balabanovic technical report cstn 97-52   stanford university   palo alto   ca      
gametophytic apomixis ga nogler  embryology of angiosperms   1984.0 
on the inhomogeneous deformation of a plastic laminar in a compression test phil mag   r hill   
can we use the universal relation model without using nulls y sagiv proceedings of the international conference on management of & hellip ;      
linear hashing with overflow-handling by linear probing 1985.0 pa larson acm transactions on database systems    
ziff davis media 2004.0 b magazine pc magazine    
stereochemistry of radical reactions   vch   weinheim   1996 ; mp sibi   na porter acc . chem . res   dn curran   
leningrad physico-technical institute reports la sliv   im band part i    
a new method for isolation of murine islets with markedly improved yields m liu   me shapiro  transplantation proceedings   1995.0 
optimization of entropy with neural networks phd thesis university of california nn schraudolph san diego    
a quantitative analysis and performance study for similarity-search methods in high-dimensional vldb   1998.0 r weber   hj schek   s blott   
supra   495 f lp riles supp . at    
grunwald.   d.   1997 . performance issues of enterprise level web proxies c maltzahn   k richardson proceedings of acm  
monetary economics : an integrated approach to credit   money   income   production   and wealth w godley   m lavoie  unpublished manuscript    
minimal surfaces u dierkesâ ? ¦   1992.0 
r * optimizer validation and performance evaluationfor distributedqueries lf mackert   gm lohman proc . 12th international conference on very large data bases & hellip ;    
cognitive design principles for visualizations : revealing and instantiating j heiser   b tversky   m agrawala   p hanrahan    
absence and existence of bit-errors in cdma with and without interference cancellation 2004.0 r van der hofstad   m lã ¶ we   f vermet   
network protocols and users-bridging the gap g ghinea   jp thomas   rsf multimedia proc of acm    
moving beyond dyadic ties : a network theory of stakeholder influences 1997.0 tj rowley the academy of management review    
integration of heterogeneous databases without common domains using queries based textual similarity w cohen  proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
learning by design new directions for higher education   1977.0 rh davis   
infrared charge coupled devices aj steckl & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;   1976.0    
phase-locked loop dynamics in the presence of noise by fokker-planck techniques aj viterbi  proc . ieee    
multiple uses of frequent sets and condensed representations proc . kdd   h mannila   h toivonen   
trace refinement of action systems rjr back   j von wright  lecture notes in computer science   1994.0 
how we think about evaluation 1983.0 er house new directions for program evaluation    
analysis of existing test suites d estival   k falkedal   l balkan   e dauphin   s   
survey : continuous query over data streams s rahul acm sigmod record    
progranuning windows c petzold  1990.0 
mobile ip and ad hoc networks : an integration and implementation experience yc tseng   cc shen   wt chen   
social isolation in the rat produces developmentally specific deficits in prepulse inhibition of the ls wilkinson   sa killcross   t humby   fs hallâ ? ¦ neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1994.0    
conceptualizing the scholarship of teaching and identifying unresolved issues : the framework for c kreber new directions for teaching and learning   2001.0    
extrapolation of damage test data to predict performance of large-area nif optics at 355 nm md feit   am rubenchik   mr kozlowski   fy gã © nin   s 1999.0  proc . spie    
a method for estimating the prevalence of disability from traumatic brain injury jl guerrero   s leadbetter   dj thurman   g whiteneck  submitted for publication    
basic physical mechanisms determining performance of the ch3f laser dt hodges   jr tucker   ts hartwick 1976.0  & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;    
software maintenance : penny wise   program foolish g parikh    
enriching the curriculum through competitions fa karnes   tl riley social studies and the young learner   1998.0    
a probabilistic approach to metasearching with adaptive probing zlclj cho   ww chu  data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
evaluation and reform dk cohen new directions for program evaluation   1983.0    
fas - a freshness-sensitive coordination middleware for a cluster of olap components u roehm   k boehm   hj schek   h schuldt vldb     2002.0 
packet classification on multiple fidels g pankaj   n mckeown proceedings of sigcomm      
active x and ole 1996.0 d chappell   
the fl language manual j backus   jh williams   el wimmers ibm almaden research center   san jose   ca   tech . rep. rj - & hellip ;    
concurrency control performance modeling : alternatives and implications r agrawal   mj carey   m livny  acm transactions on database systems   1987.0 
general-purpose models : expectations about the unexpected sw zucker   a rosenfeld   ls davis 1975.0  acm sigart bulletin    
a logic-programming/object-oriented cocktail a ct sigmod record   1986.0    
a new fast and accurate kinetic code for the study of the low frequency dynamics in a magnetised c marchetto   f califano   m lontano proc . 29th eps conference on controlled fusion and plasma & hellip ;      
tjã $ nsteutveckling med inbyggd kvalitet hã ¶ gskolan i b edvardsson   
analysis of the muon/electron ratio in eas jh weber   t antoni   wd apel   f badea   k bekk   k 1999.0  proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf.   salt lake city    
behavior of concrete beams reinforced with 3-d fiber reinforced plastic grids m ozel   2002.0 
an o ( n log n ) algorithm for rectilinear minimal spanning trees fk hwang journal of the acm ( jacm )   1979.0 
fuzzy logic in the flakey robot eh ruspini  procs . of the int . conf . on fuzzy logic and neural networks  
garcia-luna-aceves jj . collision avoidance and resolution multiple access with transmission groups r garces proc acm  
server 4.0 â ?? resource kit nt windows  1998.0 
an image encryption scheme based on quadtree compression scheme hk chang   jl liou proc . int . comput . symp.   taiwan      
isolation   physiological characteristics   natural relationships   and 16s rrna-targeted in situ submitted for m fukui   a teske   b assmus   g muyzer   f widdel   
how we use sensory information to keep oriented as we locomote s chance   2000.0 
component and object technology pf dubois ieee computer      
adoryphorus scarab in canterbury   new zealand kg somerfield   wp thomas proc . 29th nz weed and pest control conf    
dienoyl ] - sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine . â ?? 1 here we wish to acc . chem . res   1990.0 g version   a chem   
tcp-real : receiver-oriented congestion control v tsaoussidis   c zhang  computer networks   2002.0 
us department of housing and urban development   office of policy development and research . 1979 gautreaux housing demonstration : an evaluation of its impact ka peroff   cl davis   r jones   
mansons tropical diseases . 1996   20 ed gc cook    
treadmarks : shared memory computing on networks of workstations c amza   al cox   s dwarkadas   p keleher   h lu   r    
the annals of the history of computing and other journals ba galler  history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   1996.0 
issues   examples   and challenges in formative assessment e hunt   jw pellegrino new directions for teaching and learning   2002.0    
university of california at santa barbara ss sweet department of biological sciences . santa barbara   california & hellip ;      
the stanford dash multiprocessor d chaiken   j laudon   k gharachorloo   agw weber   j ieee computer    
boosting chaff 's performance by incorporating csp heuristics c ansotegui   j larrubia   f manya lecture notes in computer science   2003.0 
uml in a nutshel ss alhir   
scam : a copy detection mechanism for digital documents n shivakumar   h garcia-molina   
corporate e-ducation a cohen pc magazine   137   2001.0 
kalman filters for prediction and tracking in an adaptive sensor network v mandfredi   s mahadevan   j kurose  technical report 05-07   cs dept.   u.  
converting java programs to use generic libraries a donovan   
the documentary structure of source code cs.utah.edu    
modular and median signpost systems and their underlying graphs discussiones mathematicae graph theory   hm mulder   l nebesky  2003.0 
model-based reasoning finds analog pcb faults k sierzega   r rastogi electronic test    
an efficient and flexible method for archiving a data base c mohan   i narang   
the first noble truth of cyberspace : people are people ( even when they moo ) dj schiano   s white   
normal forms and relational database opera-mrs r fagin  proc . acm sigmod    
oxyethylene chain-cation complexation ; nonionic polyoxyethylene detergents attain a positive charge cellular and molecular biology letters   2001.0   j bobacka   
biological diversification in the tropics gt prance  new york    
a chemical approach for identifying o-glcnac-modified proteins in cells dj vocadlo   hc hang   ej kim   ja hanover   cr    
scales and monica s. lam . a flexible shared memory system for distributed memory machines j daniel unpublished manuscript      
enterprise modelling-the key to integration aw scheer   s spang proceedings of the 23rd isata   wien      
retrofits of reinforced concrete columns to enhance the blast resistance of existing buildings . proc.   29th dod explosive safety seminar   dept. of defense   & hellip ;   kb morrill   je crawford   lj malvar   
the r-operator : enabling querying for semantic associations on the semantic web k anyanwu   
impending disaster ' near ? ssa defends dp system before house group . j kirchner computerworld.   1981.0 
a case for arrays of inexpensive disks ( raid ) da patterson   g gibson   rh katz proc . acm sigmod      
windows 95 programmierung 1996.0 c petzold   
a unified probabilistic framework for web page scoring systems ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 m diligenti   m gori   m maggini   
performance analysis of aimd mechanisms over a multi-state markovian path 2005.0 e altman   k avrachenkov   c barakat   p dube   e computer networks    
electrical effects produced by plastic deformation in sodium chloride crystals je caffyn   tl goodfellow phil . mag      
non-reflecting boundary conditions for the unsteady euler equations mb giles technical report cfdl-tr-88-1   massachusetts institute of    
steganalysis of audio based on audio quality metrics   b sankur   n memon    
detours : binary interception of win32 functions   g hunt    
coalitions in the organizational context jl pearce   wb stevenson   lw porter see lewicki    
assessment of content knowledge in the industrial enterprise practicum course at uw-stout rj locy  2000.0 
caprera : an activity framework for transaction processing on wide-area networks proceedings of the s kumar   e kwang   d agrawal  athens   greece   august    
homotopy algebras via resolutions of operads   available as math m markl    
how welfare and work policies affect employment and income : a synthesis of research . d bloom   c michalopoulos  2001.0 
keutzer   and white : estim . of average switching activity in comb . and seq. circuits proc . of the 29th dac   d ghosh   
& frost   ac ( 1937 ) : glass in architecture and decoration ( l : ap ) r mcgrath    
combining aggregate and survey data s ansolabehere   rd rivers   1991.0 
incorporating updates in domain indexes : experiences with oracle spatial r-trees rkv kothuri   s ravada   n an data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
spectral representations of linear features for generalisation e fritsch   jp lagrange lecture notes in computer science   1995.0 
legion : an operating system for wide-area computing a knabe   m humphrey  ieee computer    
ata a names at    
a neural cocktail-party processor c malsburg   w schneider  biological cybernetics   1986.0 
ratio rules : a new paradigm for fast f korn   a labrinidis   y kotidis   c faloutsos quantifiable data mining in vldb new york   ny      
use of a component architecture in integrating relational and non-relational proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1995.0 r atkinson   
professional development   artistry   and style . new directions for adult and continuing education   1991.0 rg brockett   
entropy of he 2 and universality near the superfluid in he ( 4 ) al singaas ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1984.0    
guide to multimedia : how it changes the way we teach and learn ? i bruder electronic learning      
gendered fishing among the meriam : implications for sexual division of foraging labor r bliege bird   d bird 2001.0    
a high-level hardware design methodology using c++ 4th high level design validation and test r roth   d ramanathan san diego    
the overhead of locking ( and commit ) protocols in distributed databases . acm transactions on database systems   1987.0 o wolfson   
gene duplications in evolution of archaeal family b dna polymerases dr edgell   hp klenk   wf doolittle   
the ï ? operator : discovering and ranking associations k anyanwu   a sheth   
practical aspects on a nd : yag laser robot for sheet metal welding q huang   bym karnermo   ho skoog  & hellip ; applications in the automotive industry   proceedings   25 th & hellip ;   1992.0 
overcoming the obstacles of zero-knowledge watermark detection a adelsbach   m rohe   ar sadeghi proceedings of acm multimedia security workshop     2004.0 
streaming raid : a disk storage system for video and audio files fa tobagi   j pang   r baird   m gang  proceedings of acm  
ordering points to identify the clustering structure proc m ankerst   mm breunig   hp kriegel   js optics  acm  
george orwell 's opaque glass in '' 1984 '' jo lyons   g orwell 1961.0  wisconsin studies in contemporary literature    
giving legs to the legacyâ ?? web services integration within the enterprise j calladine bt technology journal   2004.0 
near neighbor search in large metric spaces s brin vldb   1995.0 
efficiently supporting ad hoc queries in large datasets of time sequences portal.acm.org  sigmod conference   1997.0 
dunbeath : whittles   2005 . 851 pp g milligan   
electronic commerce recommender applications . j ben schafer   j konstan   j riedl  journal of data mining and knowledge discovery    
design alternatives for disk duplexing sw ng   1987.0 
the garlic project . acms anthology   p edition   
paradigm : a highly scalable shared memory multicomputer dr cheriton   ha goosen   pd boyle ieee computer    
spectral representation in vision ( abstract only ) j hallikainen   j parkkinen   t jaaskelainen oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0    
distributed cache coherence for large scale shared memory multiprocessor systems m thapar   b delagi technical report ksl-89-83   stanford university   december    
lexequal : multilexical matching operator in sql a kumaran   jr haritsa & hellip ; of the 2004 acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;   2004.0    
silicon bipolar laser and line driver ic with symmetrical output pulse shape operation up to 12 gbit hm rein   e bertagnolli   a felder   l schmidt  electronic  
gibbons and . matias . new sampling-based summary statistics for improving approximate query answers pb gm proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on    
automating daml-s web services composition using shop2 d wu   b parsia   e sirin   j hendler   d nau 2003.0  lecture notes in computer science    
identification of sna41 gene   which is the suppressor of nda4 mutation and is involved in dna s miyake   s yamashita  genes to cells   1998.0 
stephen s. pollock ad proia   pd md md    
conduction in non-crystaline systems v phil . mag   ea davis   nf mott   
b.   babu   s.   mcalister   j. and widom   j. ( 2002 ) : characterizing memory requirements for queries over b arasu proc . acm sigmod-sigact-sigart symposium on principles of    
bloom 's syndrome gene suppresses premature ageing caused by sgs1 deficiency in yeast sj heo   k tatebayashi   i ohsugi   a shimamoto   y genes to cells     1999.0 
computational methods for fast and accurate dna fragment assembly cf allex   1999.0 
continuous queries over data streams 2001.0 s babu   j widom sigmod record    
combining relational and network retrieval methods h chen   smc kuck 1984.0  proceedings of the 1984 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
inside ole 1993.0 k brockschmidt   
a comparison of decision making performance in established and ad hoc groups j hall   ms williams journal of personality and social psychology    
business rules show power   promise : viewed as an effective new way to identify rule thinking for a/d application development trends   e gottesdiener  1997.0 
a methodology for modeling interprocessor traffic in shared memory multiprocessors stanford university technical report no . csl-tr-89-385   july j torrellas   t weil   j hennessy   
1 : programming with unicode p nt    
e1 abbadi   a.   and jeffers   r. an approach to eliminate transaction blocking in locking protocols proceedings of the acm sigmod-sigact symposium on principles d agrawal   
theory and development of a simple turbine as a prime mover for utilization of solar energy bs leo  1959.0 
blood and serum group and other genetical characters of some endogamous muslim groups sma hakim 1971.0    
database partitioning in a cluster of processors 1985.0 d sacca   g wiederhold acm transactions on database systems    
gamma-rays and ionizing component during thunderstorms at gran sasso m aglietta   b alessandro   p antonioli   f arneodo     
formac session history of programming languages -- ii table of contents   tj bergin  1996.0 
minimal probing : supporting expensive predicates for top-k queries kcc chang   s hwang 2002.0  sigmod conference    
statistical grid-based clustering over data streams nh park   ws lee sigmod record     2004.0 
fast multislice b 1-mapping s topp   e adalsteinsson   dm spielman proc int soc magn reson med    
microsoft windows security resource kit 2003.0 b smith   b komar   
educating feminists : life histories and pedagogy . s middleton   1993.0 
jh and blott   s. : a quantitative analysis and performance study for similarity-search methods in rs weber proceedings of 24th international conference on very large    
may 2001b . software engineering metrics for cots-based systems s sedigh-ali   a ghafoor   ra paul ieee  
extended fuzzy cognitive maps . in 92 ieee int conf fuzzy syst fuzz-ieee san diego   m hagiwara   
digital circuit applications of resonant tunneling devices p mazumder   s kulkarni   m bhattacharya   jp sun   gi  proceedings-ieee   1998.0 
dlfm : a transactional resource manager hi hsiao   i narang sigmod conference   2000.0 
grounded mos resistor . '' sa mahmoud   ho elwan   am soliman electronic engineering      
full text pdf format pdf ( 190 kb ) source acm sigmod record archive t catarci   if cruz acm sigmod record   1996.0 
sexual intercourse for cervical ripening and induction of labour j kavanagh   aj kelly   j thomas cochrane database syst rev   2005.0 
modeling crosscutting in aspect-oriented mechanisms h masuhara   g kiczales lecture notes in computer science     2003.0 
knowledge-based information acquisition : norms and the functions of consensus information dj hilton   rh smith   md alicke journal of personality and social psychology   1988.0 
distribution   abundance   and aspects of the life histories of the midwater fishes from three regions tg bailey  1984.0 
large scale parallel data mining 2000.0 mj zaki   ct ho   
beal ar and yoffe ad 1977a rh friend phil . mag      
distinct effects of semantic plausibility and semantic composition in meg l pylkkã $ nen   r llinã ¡ s   b mcelree    
adaptive filters for continuous queries over distributed data streams c olston   j jiang   j widom sigmod conference     2003.0 
implementation of a prolog-ingres interface sp ghosh   cc lin 1988.0  sigmod record    
spectral wave attenuation by bottom friction : theory os madsen   yk poon   hc graber proc . 21st int . conf . on coastal engineering      
adaptive speech noise reduction w jiang   h malvar  1999.0 
compass : a concept-based web search engine for html   xml   and deep web data ( demo ) j graupmann   m biwer   c zimmer   p zimmer   m bender   2004.0 
offering a precision-performance tradeoff for aggregation queries over replicated data . submitted c olston   j widom  stanford technical report http : / / ~ w ~ - db   stanford   edu/pub /  
algorithms for mining distance-based outliers in large datasets vldb   em knorr   rt ng  1998.0 
data accessforthemasses through oledb j blakeley proc . acm sigmod conf    
revealing the problems with 802.11 medium access control protocol in multi-hop wireless ad hoc s xu   t saadawi computer networks   2002.0 
distribution and abundance of fishes and invertebrates in north atlantic estuaries . elmr rep. no. 13 sh jury   jd field   sl stone   dm nelson   me monaco md      
enterprise in higher education g clark geography      
two types of granule cells in the cerebellar cortex yi arshavskii   mb berkinblit   im gel ` fand   vs  neirofiziologiya   i    
the bloomba personal content database r stata   p hunt   mg thiruvalluvan    
viscous flow through pipes with cores nav piercy   ms hooper   hf winny phil . mag    
lectures in theoretical physics   edited by we brittin ( interscience   new york   1959 ) rj glauber vol .  
vhdl   langage   modã © lisation   synthã ¨ se   2ã ¨ me ã © dition   presses polytechniques et universitaires r airiau   jm bergã ©   v olive   j rouillard   
visual information systems : new hope for decision makers . m borgmann 1985.0  computerworld.    
development of a diesel vehicle operator co2 exposure meter mk gangal   ed dainty  procs . 6th us mine ventilation symposium    
vacillation in spherical couette flow 2002.0 p zhang   k zhang   
continuous media data manegement k kawagoe  sigmod record    
an overview of cafe specification environment proceedings   k futatsugi   a nakagawa   
roy automatic control for accurate navigationn around underwater structures n dabalb   a terribile   m bellin at  
on the physical units of nature phil . mag   gj stoney   
microwave stimulation of an immunological reaction ( cea/anti-cea ) and its use in a hjerpe   me boon   lp kok  the histochemical journal   1988.0 
muscles : testing and function . williams and wilkins   baltimore ho kendall   fp kendall   ge wadsworth md      
multiresolution analysis of arbitrary meshes metdrt duchamp   hhm lounsbery   w stuetzle proceedings of acm  
correspondence education ad lockmiller 1996.0    
ica-based hierarchical text classification for multi-domain text-to-speech synthesis x sevillano   f alä ± as   jc socoro    
optimizing windows ntâ ?? microsoft windows nt resource kitâ ?? vol . 3 . r blake  1993.0 
constraintâ ?? the missing variable in the coal burst problem co babcock   dl bickel  proceedings of the 25 thus symposium on rock mechanics    
refinement theorems in resolution theory proc . iria symp on automatic demonstration   versailles   & hellip ;   d lucktiam   
helen custer iw nt   1993.0 
conference : 1st annual international ieee-embs special topic conference on microtechnologies in s takayama   e ostuni   x oian   jc mcdonald   x jiang proceedings   ( eds )   a. dittmar and d. beebe   ( ieee   piscataway  
integrating association rule mining with databases : alternatives and implications s sarawagi   s thomas   r agrawal acm sigmod intl. conf . management of data      
querying business processes with bp-ql c beeri   a eyal   s kamenkovich   t milo proceedings of the 31st international conference on very & hellip ;     2005.0 
an algorithm for the identification of proteins in sequence databases using peptide masses and n-or c korostensky   w staudenmann   p dainese   g gonnet     1998.0 
negative life events   perceived stress   negative affect   and susceptibility to the common cold journal of personality and social psychology   s cohen   daj tyrrell   ap smith  1993.0 
cmc component development supporting the nasa-led 2 ndand 3 rdgeneration rlv investment areas : jd kiser   mr effinger   de glassâ ? ¦ the proceedings of 25 thannual conference on composites      
combining stacking with bagging to improve a learning algorithm w macready   dh wolpert   1996.0 
from focused crawling to expert information : an application framework for web exploration and portal s sizov   j graupmann   m theobald proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2003.0    
a factor and structural equation analysis of the enterprise systems success measurement model d sedera   gg gable  proceedings of the 25 thinternational conference on  
combining equational theories sharing non-collapse-free constructors f baader   c tinelli  lecture notes in computer science   2000.0 
emerging alternatives to today 's advanced service architectures for internet telephony : in and computer networks   2001.0 rh glitho   
converting relational database into xml documents with dom j fong   hk wong   z cheng information and software technology     2003.0 
data bubbles : quality preserving performance boosting for hierarchical clustering acm sigmod santa barbara   california   mm breunig   hp kriegel   p krã ¶ ger   j sander   
wk ho   â ?? refinements of the ziegler-nicholsttuning formulaâ ?? cc hang   kj astrdm  lee proceedings-d    
programming pascal with physical units acm sigplan notices   1986.0 a dreiheller   b mohr   m moerschbacher   
stratigraphy and sedimentology of the upper proterozoic kingston peak formation   panamint range   ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   jmg miller  1983.0 
toward a multilevel relational data model s jajodia   r sandhu proceedings of acm sigmod conference on management of data   & hellip ;    
interrogating the ten-year transport plan area   2001.0 i docherty   
fast lossy internet image transmission gm davis    
the inherent cost of nonblocking commit c dwork   d skeen proc . of acm podc      
computing global combine operations in the multi-port postal model abnj bruck   ct ho   s knipis   b schieber  procs . of the 5th ieee symp . on parallel and distributed & hellip ;    
prediction risk and architecture selection for neural networks nato asi series f computer and systems sciences   j moody  1994.0 
professional learning through workplace partnerships . bk lovin new directions for adult and continuing education   1992.0    
the d-policy for the m/g/1 queue : queue length and optimality rr artalejo electronic modelling      
windows ce prgrammers guide a chen   1998.0 
on the number of edges in geometric graphs with no self-intersecting cycle of length 4 to r pinchasi   r radoicic   
a flexible infrastructure for gathering xml statistics and estimating query cardinality j freire   m ramanath   l zhang data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international  
garlic : the science and therapeutic application of allium sativum l. and related species   2nd edn.   md   hp koch   ld lawson   
leonardo da vinci -- anatomical drawings . l pegus j audiov media med   1978.0    
bubbles and drops and stokes ' law phil . mag   wn bond   da newton   
fail-safe compilation of protocols on dynamic communication networks b awerbuch  1987.0 
freshness aware scheduling in a cluster of databases u rohm   k bohm   hj schek   h schuldt  proceedings of 28rd international conference on very large  
the student as historian . teacher 's resources . ph porterâ ? ¦  social studies and the young learner   1994.0 
fuzzy control : from fuzzy controllers to cognitive controllers proc . 3 rdifsa congress   seattle   washington   mm gupta   w pedrycz   j kiszka   
catch-up growth in children with successful renal transplants immunosuppressed with cyclosporin jf knight   lp roy   agr sheil lancet i     1985.0 
development of a heavy-duty chassis dynamometer driving route rd nine   nn clark   jj daley   cm atkinson 1999.0  proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;    
a simple vector-approximation file for similarity search in high-dimensional vector spaces . s blott   r weber & hellip ; for informatics systems-eth zentrum   zurich   switzerland    
running microsoft windows nt server 4.0 c russel   s crawford  1997.0 
data access for the masses through ole db . ja blakeley 1996.0    
natural partners : resource-based and integrative learning . jr porter new directions for higher education   1992.0    
diorama table proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2005.0 k takahashi   s sasada   
er   and steward   o. ( 1992 ) yx li   y zhang   ha lester   em schuman   nt davidson  demonstration of local  
concurrency control and recovery in transactional process management proc acm sigact sigmod sigart symp princ database syst   1999.0 h schuldt   g alonso   hj schek   
continuous system modeling fe cellier  1991.0 
superoxide dismutase for preventing chronic lung disease in mechanically ventilated preterm infants gk suresh   jm davis   rf soll 2001.0  cochrane database syst rev    
regulation of dna gyrase operon in mycobacterium smegmatis : a distinct mechanism of relaxation genes to cells   1999.0 s unniraman   v nagaraja   
0.   and almstrã ¶ m   e. : â ?? transmission at 20 gb/s with directly modulated dbr lasers over 30 km i kjebon   e almstrom  proc . 28th european conference on optical communication   & hellip ;    
edsos   implosion and explosion : concepts to automate part of application maintenance of relational rj veldwijk   mv van dijk   erk spoor information and software technology   1991.0    
academic press inc.   san nf optics   gp agrawal   
component based applications designing 1999.0 m kirtland   
interactive exploration of interesting findings in the telecommunication network alarm sequence m klemettinen   h mannila   h toivonen 1999.0  information and software technology    
i7gde windows nt h chtw microsoft prrss      
jf lu . a new metric for object-oriented design jy chen information and software technology    
impact of guided mastery and enactive exploration on self-regulatory mechanisms and knowledge submitted for publication   s debowski   re wood   a bandura   
the impact of the internet on telecommunication architectures jp hubaux   c gbaguidi   s koppenhoefer   jyl boudec  1999.0 
it 's the curriculum   stupid ; in union city   nj   we remade our schools before adding technology . f carrigg   g ramella 1996.0  electronic learning    
b. ( 2001 ) . ratio comparison : performance on ratio in similarity tesk j margarit   og figueras  proceedings of the 25 conference of the international group  
fracture-related amplitude variations with oset and azimuthin marineseismic data : 67th annual c macbeth   xy li   f ohlsen   h jakubowicz   w kirk  expanded abstracts   i    
low-fip to high-fip gamma-ray line ratio in an impulsive flare on 6 november   1997 proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf   m yoshimori   a shiozawa   k suga   
an overview of actor languages g agha   
ieee xplore y matias   l portman data engineering   2004 . proceedings . 20th international    
authenticating distributed data using web services and xml signatures dj polivy   r tamassia   
