ã cents â ? ¬ å?conflict detection tradeoffs for replicated data   ã cents â ? ¬ â ? acm jm carey   m livny   
comparing data streams using hamming norms ( how to zero in ) 2003.0 g cormode   m datar   p indyk   s muthukrishnan ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering    
initial results from the euv engineering test stand d tichenor   a ray-chaudhuri   s lee   h chapman   w    
a data warehouse intelligent cache manager [ c ] proc of the 22nd vldb conf   p schenermannâ ? ¦   
pollution prevention at shipyards pnppr center seattle   washington   september    
santilliâ ?? s lieâ ?? isotopic generalization of galileiâ ?? s and einsteinâ ?? s relativities ( 1990 ) ak aringazin   a jannussis   df lopez   m nishioka   b  kostarakis publisher   athens   greece  
comparison of systems with complex behavior i mezic   a banaszuk   
rethinking risk financing 1996.0 cp helbling   g fallegger   d hill   
audit and feedback : effects on professional practice and health care outcomes cochrane database syst rev   2003.0 g jamtvedt   jm young   dt kristoffersen   o thomson     
the gene-finder computer tools for analysis of human and model organisms genome sequences v solovyev   a salamov proc . int . conf . intell . syst . mol . biol   1997.0 
socioeconomic restructuring and regional change : rethinking growth in the european community . 1994.0 a rodriguez-pose economic geography    
the stimulation of reproduction in coelenterates by low levels of toxic stress . ard stebbing  unep   athens ( greece ) . 1991.   1991.0 
contractual types submitted for publication   o nierstrasz  2003.0 
selenium determination in animal whole blood using stabilized temperature platform furnace and rh eckerlin   dw hoult   gr carnrick  at spectrosc    
dynamic performance and minimum loading effects of an isolated self-excited reluctance generator ys wang    
an evaluation of buffer management strategies for relational database systems / / vldb '85 proceedings of 11th international conference on very large & hellip ;   ht chou   dj dewitt   
experience building the open oodb query optimizer a joseâ ? ¦ proceedings of acm    
repeated lumbar or ventricular punctures in newborns with intraventricular hemorrhage cochrane database syst rev   a whitelaw  2001.0 
m. arofalakis . sketching streams through the net : distributed approximate query tracking g cormode proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;      
capturing causality in distributed systems m raynal   m singhal ieee computer      
two-electron transfers and molecular x-ray radiation during heavy ion collisions c stoller & hellip ; eidgenoessische technische hochschule   zurich ( switzerland ) & hellip ;     1976.0 
a psychological taxonomy of trait-descriptive terms : the interpersonal domain js wiggins journal of personality and social psychology    
cross-cultural field study . j duley new directions for higher education   1974.0 
effects of long-term and reduced-dose hormone replacement therapy on endothelial function and intima m hashimoto   m miyao   m akishita   t hosoi   k toba   menopause-new york -     2002.0 
a coherence theorem for ordered families of probability measures on a partially ordered space da ross unpublished manuscript     1993.0 
risk and protective factors among youth offenders 2001.0 mb carr   ta vandiver adolescence-san diego -    
mediacups : experience with design and use of computer-augmented everyday artefacts m beigl   hw gellersen   a schmidt 2001.0  computer networks    
multidatabase interoperability sigmod record   1990 sigmod record     1990.0 
finding hierarchical heavy hitters in data streams g cormode   d srivastava 2003.0  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
first-year impacts p patterns  new york : manpower  
is splitting focal attention mediated by exogenous orienting of attention unpublished manuscript   l macdonald   
ã ? .   srivastava   d.   and tan   m.   1996   semantic data caching and replacement & hellip ; of the 22 thinternational conference on very large data s dar   mj franklin   b jã ³ nsson   
older learners : a viable clientele . km o'donnell new directions for higher education   1980.0 
mechanical behavior of steam-treated spruce wood under compressive strain pp kã $ renlampi   p tynjã $ lã $   p strã ¶ m submitted for  
whither engineering?â ?? thinking for the future av lewis bt technology journal     1999.0 
rethinking database system architecture : towards a self-tuning risc-style database system vldb   s chaudhuri   g weikum  2000.0 
multimethod probes of individualism and collectivism hc triandis   c mccusker   ch hui  journal of personality and social psychology    
characterization of human ocular mucin secretion mediated by 15 ( s ) - hete 2002.0 je jumblatt   lt cunningham   y li   mm jumblatt cornea-new york -    
reference reconciliation in complex information spaces x dong   a halevy   j madhavan   
rooted circuits of closed-set systems and a max-flow min-cut theorem for stem clutters of affine submitted for m hachimori   m nakamura   
concurrency control in database systems b bhargava    
adding database management to ada acm sigmod record   1983.0 pav hall   
transforming the information super highway into a private toll road ( october   1999 )   at 3 m cooper   
cost minimization allocation ( cma ) algorithm i chong  technical report   univ. of massachusetts    
campus-based academies   institutes   and seminar or workshop series 1994.0 ph lewis   lm fino   jy hungar   wh wallace   rf welch new directions for higher education    
the quasi-cylindrical shock tube w chester  1954.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?compiled - directed data prefetching in multiprocessors with memory hierarchyã cents â ? ¬ â ? eh gomish   ed granston   av veidenbnum procs . of 17th isca      
type checking records and variants in a natural extension of ml d rã © my proceedings of the 16th acm sigplan-sigact symposium on & hellip ;   1989.0 
tool support for object-oriented patterns g florijn   m meijers   p van winsen 1997.0  lecture notes in computer science    
measures of three levels of social support : resources   behaviors   and feelings a vaux unpublished manuscript      
self-monitoring as a determinant of self-disclosure reciprocity during the acquaintance process dr shaffer   je smith   m tomarelli  journal of personality and social psychology    
electricity restructuring : deregulation or reregulation ? s borenstein   j bushnell   
near-field investigations of the landers earthquake sequence april to july   k sieh   l jones   e hauksson   k hudnut   d eberhart -   
estimation of parameters in nonlinear distributed systems ht banks   ka murphy  proceedings of the 23rd conference on decision and control   & hellip ;    
ramakrishnan r. livny m ( 1996 ) birch : an efficient data clustering method for very large database t zhang  proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference  
where angels fear to tread and why ra berk 1982.0  new directions for program evaluation    
smith . bl ( 1990 ) . learning communities : building connections among disciplines   students and faculty f gabelnick   j macgregor   r matthews new directions in teaching and    
schemasql { a language for querying and restructuring multidatabase systems . in proc . ieee int . conf . lvs lakshmanan   f sadri   in subramanian bombay   india   september    
database and information systems research database and information systems research for semantic web a sheth   r meersman   
lipschitz maps on trees s todorcevic   
encapsulation of parallelism in the volcano processing systems g graefe proc . 1990 acm sigmod int . conf . on management of  
w. mckenna and g. graefe   expersiences building the opern oodb query optimizer j balkeley  proc . acm sigmod    
spline smoothing on surfaces ( preprint ) t duchamp   w stuetzle  proceedings of acm siggraph    
gral : an extensible relational database system for geometric applications rh giiting   
a translation approach to portable ontology specifications   knowledge systems laboratory tr gruber stanford university   technical report ksl 92-71   http://www-ksl .    
the virtual squadrons of fightertown d kinney acm press siggraph series   1998.0    
similar and differential behaviour between the nectin-afadin-ponsin and cadherin-catenin systems t asakura   h nakanishi   t sakisaka   k takahashi   k 1999.0  genes to cells    
knowledge sharing project overview r fikes   m cutkosky   t gruber   j van baalen  1991.0 
j. non-crystalline solids   33   411 ; 1980 os panwar   m radhakrishna   kk srivastava   kn phil . mag      
from chromosomal aberrations to genes : linking the cytogenetic and sequence maps of the human genome vg cheungâ ? ¦   
environmental concentrations of some of the major inorganic pollutants at the barc site   trombay   pk zutshi   r sequeira   tn mahadevan   t banerjee 1969.0    
epese composite measures and other commonly used measures : description and documentation of original r landerman  unpublished manuscript    
on matrices with connections w bibel journal of the acm ( jacm )   1981.0 
native trout of western north america . american fisheries society   betheseda rj behnke md    
the basic dilemma : sovereignty or assimilation t schouls   j olthuis   d engelstad nation    
â ?? brien ma   oxman ad   davis da   haynes rb   freemantle n   harvey el . audit and feedback versus o thomson  cochrane database syst rev    
laser injection locking ieee   proceedings   cj buczek   rj freiberg   ml skolnick  1973.0 
elevated interferon-gamma mrna levels and inflammatory bowel disease in the ceca of helicobacter rs livingston   lk riley   cl besch-williford   rr    
housing and demographics w village   m temple    
designing filters for polyphase filter banks jh lee   wj kang    
nd-sql : a multi-dimensional language for interoperability and olap . 134-145 f gingras   lvs lakshmanan electronic    
an overview and classification of mediated query systems . acms anthology sigmod record     1999.0 
influences of individual and situational characteristics on measures of training effectiveness the academy of management journal   je mathieu   si tannenbaum   e salas  1992.0 
andi . n. subramanian . schemasql-a language for interoperability in relational multi-database systems lvs lakshmanan   f sadri proceedings of inter . conference on very large databases (    
needle-sharing patterns as a predictor of hiv seroprevalence among new york city intravenous drug k yee   ls brown   bj primmâ ? ¦ montreal   canada   june    
application of oodb and sgml techniques in text database : an electronic dictionary system sigmod record   j zhang  1995.0 
the method of equivalence applied to three state   two input control systems gr wilkens   
rewriting of rules containing set terms in a logic data language ldl o shmueli   s tsur   c zaniolo proceedings of the seventh acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ;     1988.0 
construction and design of beta-sheets ck smith   l regan acc . chem . res   1997.0 
the circumpolar active layer monitoring ( calm ) program : research designs and initial results pi introduction polar geography   2000.0 
predator : an or-dbms with enhanced data types psm paskin 1997.0  proc . of acm sigmod    
patterns of labor market performance among low-income wisconsin single mothers . m cancian   r haveman w-2 child support demonstration evaluation   phase 1 : final & hellip ;      
knowing and caring about children of the depression m zarnowski social studies and the young learner   1996.0    
carey . programmingconstructs fordatabase systemimplementationinexodus j richardsonandm proc . of sigmod      
recognizing shapes from simple queries about geometry unpublished manuscript   y amit   d geman   k wilder   
an organization-wide approach to improving ed patient satisfaction : one community teaching lm vescio   sp donahoe   c gentile journal of emergency nursing   1999.0    
interactive television . new directions for higher education   1986.0 m bisesi   bd felder   
monitoring xml data on the web b nguyen   s abiteboul   g cobena   m preda    
efficient wavelength routing on directed fiber trees 1996.0 c kaklamanis   p persiano lecture notes in computer science    
adding verbal hints to a learning interface proceedings of acm e stoehr   hha lieberman   
object identification in compressed view-dependent multiresolution meshes m grabner   h tschemmernegg submitted for publication   2003.0 
ontology versioning and change detection on the web m klein   d fensel   a kiryakov   d ognyanov 2002.0  lecture notes in computer science    
a survey of terminal protocols fn magnee   a endrizzi   j day  computer networks    
molecular biology of adeno-associated viruses rm linden   ki berns    
managing checkpoints for parallel programs j pruyne   m livny 1996.0  lecture notes in computer science    
ouvrages de rã © fã © rence sgml proceedings of : deuxiã ¨ me ã © cole d &#39; ã © tã © sgml   talloires ( & hellip ;   f chahuneau   
incremental maintenance of materialized ontologies lecture notes in computer science   r volz   s staab   b motik   
non-linear and non-stationary time series analysis academic press mb priestley  san diego    
an amateurâ ?? s introduction to recursive query processing f bancilhon   r ramakrishnan proc . of sigmod    
c3wpf scheduler r agrawal   a bedekar   rj la   vg subramanian proc . itc    
the complexity of querying indefinite information about linearly ordered domains r van der meyden  proceedings of the 11th acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium  
xmark : a benchmark for xml data management vldb   a schmidt   f waas   ml kersten   mj carey   i  2002.0 
home is where your phone is : usability evaluation of mobile phone ui for a smart home t koskela   k vaananen-vainio-mattila   l lehti 2004.0  lecture notes in computer science    
nutrient potential of indigenous fruits and vegetables in sarawak cy sim   bh voon  proc . 29th annual research officersâ ?? conference   & hellip ;    
the semantic integration workshop at iswc 2003 a doan   a halevy   n noy sigmod record     2004.0 
the case for enhanced abstract data types proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1997.0 p seshadri   m livny   r ramakrishnan   
passive testing and application to the gsm-map protocol m tabourier   a cavalli  information and software technology   1999.0 
a conceptual model of wayfinding using multiple levels of abstraction s timpf   gs volta   dw pollock   mj egenhofer lecture notes in computer science     1992.0 
information management for genome level bioinformatics nw paton   ca goble  proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ;   2001.0 
toxicity and tolerance in the responses of plants to metals hw woolhouse  encyclopedia of plant physiology   new series   1983.0 
fast breakpoints : design and implementation pb kessler   
c. yu . ( 2002 ) . timber : a native xml database the vldb hv jagadish   s al-khalifa   a chapman   lvs   
la form   prã © dicat de la matiere ? j brunschwig & hellip ; sur la mdtaphysique d &#39; aristote   proceedings of the sixth & hellip ;    
altered patterns of calbindin d-28k-immunoreactivity in adult and neonatal mouse brains exposed to proc 29th international narcotics research conference   & hellip ;   v maharajan   p maharajan   r prencipe   g ravagnan   
gr . unhagen a   kossmann d. xl : an xml programming language for web service sped . cation and d florescu  computer networks    
the personality structure of affect e diener   h smith   f fujita journal of personality and social psychology   1995.0    
uk demersal fisheries and the north sea : problems in renewable resource management d symes geography    
index research ( panel session ) : forest or trees ? jm hellerstein   hp kriegel   d comet   c falsutsos    acm computing surveys  
a. roger kaye   modeling and simulation of self-similar variable bit rate compressed video : a unified proc.   acm siccommâ ?? 95   c huang   m devetsikiotis   i lambadaris   
exit-beihilfe zum suizid 1990â ?? 2000 medical dissertation . university of zurich   switzerland   e ulrich   
formula-preferential systems for paraconsistent non-monotonic reasoning ( an extended abstract ) a avron   i lev    
a general method for scaling up machine learning algorithms and its application to clustering p domingos   g hulten   
whereâ ?? s 3d now ? pc magazine   d salvator   
bounds on the propagation of selection into logic programs c beeri   p kanellakis   f bancilhon   r ramakrishnan proceedings of the sixth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ;   1987.0 
cloning and characterization of mcrip2   a mouse lim-only protein that interacts with pdz domain iv genes to cells   m van ham   h croes   j schepens   j fransen   b  2003.0 
programmable arrays mix fpga and asic blocks d bursky electronic  
utilization of forest resources by microbial   enzymatical and chemical conversion s tachibana   m sumimoto  i. mokuzai gakkaishi    
rounds on the mass and the moment of inertia of non-rotating neutron stars ag sabbadini ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1976.0 
a multi-resolution relational data model a silberschatz   rl read   ds fussell proc . 18th international conference on very large data bases & hellip ;    
dialogues for negotiation : agent varieties and dialogue sequences lecture notes in computer science   f sadri   f toni   p torroni  2002.0 
n at natural abundance levels in terrestrial vascular plants : a prã © cis ll handley   cm scrimgeour   ja raven see griffiths    
behaviour of solutions to marchuk 's model depending on a time delay m bodnar   u forys applied mathematics and computer science     2000.0 
heikki mannila . finding similar time series g das   d gunopulos procs . of the 1st european symposium on principles of data & hellip ;    
solution of inverse problems for scalar parabolic equations using a hyperbolic to parabolic a tamburrino   ss udpa  submitted for  
wealth reduction in white knight bids a banerjee   je owers   
ã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents a retrieval technique for similar shapesã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents hv jagadish proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data      
measures of the variability of precipitation rw longley   
limit theorems for stochastic processes j jacod   an shiriaev  1987.0 
unsupervised sequence segmentation by a mixture of switching variable memory markov sources y seldin   g bejerano   n tishby    
technology transfer through cultural barriers in three continents sc kitsopoulos   
geography and the church register c baker geography      
the mechanics of spring-powered animal traps . / ; ; : chapman . ja : pursley wr newcombe  1981.0 
achieving zero information-loss in a classical database environment g bhargava   sk gadia vldb     1989.0 
livny 1993 : m. carey   l. haas   and m. livny   tapes hold data   too : challenges of tuples on tertiary h carey proc . acm sigmod  
lssol users guide 1.0 p gill   w murray   m saunders  1990.0 
the de dicto domain in language . z frajzyngier approaches to grammaticalization      
banks turn to it to reclaim most profitable customers t hoffman computerworld      
conditioning of radioactive wastes by incorporation into clay-based ceramic matrices as aloi   bs kuznetsov   yv kuznetsov at .  
linearising nonlinear recursions in polynomial time yp saraiya proceedings of the eighth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ;   1989.0 
similarity-based queries for time series data d raei   a mendelzon 1997.0  proc . acm sigmod    
abnormal serum biochemistries in association with arterial gas embolism rm smith   ts neuman journal of emergency medicine   1997.0    
whatâ ?? s hot and whatâ ?? s not : tracking most frequent items dynamically acm trans . database syst   2005.0 g cormode   s muthukrishnan   
understanding and reducing web delays m zari   
towards automated detection of certificates of authenticity d kirovski microsoft research   technical report    
social types : process   structure and ethos ; collected studies 1971.0 oe klapp   
mining features for sequence classification [ a ] . 5th intl conf on knowledge discovery and data n lesh   m zaki   m ogihara  san diego    
adding mobility to non-mobile web robots np sudmann   d johansen icdcs workshop of knowledge discovery and data mining in the & hellip ;     2000.0 
1990 : maternal and child health data base descriptive narrative rl williams  santa barbara   ca : university of california at santa barbara & hellip ;    
the $ 2 000 hour : how managers influence project performance through the rework cycle kg cooper 1994.0  project management journal    
evaluation of compacted area of heavy tamping by cone point resistance a oshima   n takada proc.   int . conf . centrifuge      
c.   and cochrane   pa 1996 ab singhal proc . of acm  
a regularization technique for nonlinear ill-posed problems applied to myocardial activation time r modre  technical university graz.   doctor thesis    
in : crawford dl ( ed . ) the iraf data reduction and analysis system   instrumentation in astronomy vi proc . spie   d tody   
case studies on real options agz kemna    
geologic map of the figueroa mountain quadrangle twj dibblee dibblee geological foundation : santa barbara   california      
functional and inclusion dependencies a graph theoretic approach ss cosmadakis   pc kanellakis proceedings of the 3rd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1984.0    
specification and verification of pipelining in the arm 2 risc microprocessor jk huggins   d van campenhout 1998.0  acm transactions on design automation of electronic systems    
mercury in the environment : problems and remedial measures in sweden epa swedish   1991.0 
sex role adaptability : one consequence of psychological androgyny journal of personality and social psychology   sl bern   
evaluating programs for the homeless new directions for program evaluation ( series no. 52 )   san & hellip ;   dj rogâ ? ¦  1992.0 
evaluation of a pragmatic approach for the prediction of radiation-induced losses in optical fibers m van uffelen   f berghmans   mc dã © creton   a proc . spie   2000.0 
a language for interoperability in relational mulitdatabase systems 1996.0 s lakshaman   s subramanian   
ahinalp . comparing sequences with segment rearrangements proceedings of the 23rd conference on foundations of & hellip ;   f ergun   s muthukrishnan   s sc   
more to hyaluronic acid than meets the eye j van brunt biotechnology   i    
nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs for primary dysmenorrhoea cochrane database syst rev   j marjoribanks   ml proctor   c farquhar  2003.0 
the â ?? superâ ?? project m andersson   am auddino   y dupont   e fontana   m proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1993.0 
designing and mining multi-terabyte astronomy archives : the digital sky survey proceedings of acm sigmod   a szalayâ ? ¦   
advanced program restructuring for high-performance computers with polaris w blume   r doallo   r eigenmann   j grout   j   
thrashing : its causes and prevention pj denning  proc . afips    
inside com microsoft programming series   d rogerson  1996.0 
multilingual topic detection and tracking : successful research enabled by corpora and evaluation in c wayne athens   greece   may    
west german dilemma : little turks or young germans geography   j salt   
microsoft directx 9 programmable graphics pipeline k gray   2003.0 
parallel database systems in the 1990 's mj carey acm computing surveys  
object identity as a query language primitive proc . acm sigmod symp . on the management of data   sa ak891   p kanellakis   
workflow management for the virtual enterprise k dittrich   d tombros    
value functions   optimization   and performance evaluation in stochastic network models submitted for publication   sp meyn  2003.0 
theorem proving via general mappings 1981.0 pb andrews journal of the acm ( jacm )    
assessment of the role of renewable energy technologies r banerjee    
some effects of artificial defoliation on pine and larch fc craighead i. forest    
history and future challenges and opportunities in conservation tillage for a sustainable rn gallaher    
design of approximately linear-phase allpass based qmf banks ck lu   m anderson    
on the optimality of conditional expectation as a bregman predictor a banerjee   x guo   h wang submitted for publication   2003.0    
thinking objectively : oo distributed programming is not distributed oo programming communications-acm   r guerraoui   me fayad  1999.0 
planting the seeds : personal observations bd waxman acm press history series   1990.0 
an information theoretic analysis of maximum likelihood mixture estimation for exponential families a banerjee   i dhillon   j ghosh   s merugu  proc . 21st int . conf . machine learning   2004.0 
position calibration of audio sensors and actuators in a distributed computing platform v raykar   i kozintsev   r lienhart    
balanced allocations : the heavily loaded case p berenbrink   a czumaj   a steger   b vocking   
structural change : farm and financial dimensions . dh harrington   sr koenig  presentation at    
the wealth ofnations a smith  new york    
a patterns language for requirements analysis da rawsthorne    
internal camera calibration using rotative and geometric shapes 1993.0 gp stela   
the planning-budgeting process : planning as the basis for resource decisions . 1986.0 ns bucklew   dj smith new directions for higher education    
a hybrid model for specifying features and detecting interactions computer networks   s siddiqi   jm atlee  2000.0 
space efficient mining of multigraph streams g cormode   s muthukrishnan   
real science in the introductory course . ap mcneal new directions for teaching and learning   1989.0 
parallelization   amplification   and exponential time simulation of quantum interactive proof systems a kitaev   j watrous   
tuning of the porin expression under anaerobic growth conditions by his-to-asp cross-phosphorelay m matsubara   s kitaoka   s takeda   t mizuno genes to cells     2000.0 
testing a model for the genetic structure of personality : a comparison of the personality systems of 1994.0 ac heath journal of personality and social psychology    
a conservative extension of synchronous data-flow with state machines jl colaã § o   b pagano   m pouzet  proceedings of the 5th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 
composing user interfaces with interviews a mark ieee computer    
obligation   donorresourcesandreactions to aid in three cultures kj gergen   p ellsworth   c maslach   m seipel journal of personality and social psychology    
realities of delivering mammography in the community : challenges with staffing and scheduling cdâ ?? orsi   sp tu   c nakanoâ ? ¦ unpublished    
schemasql-a language for interoperability in relational multi-database systems f sadri   in subramanian   lvs lakshmanan 1996.0    
native state kinetic stabilization as a strategy to ameliorate protein misfolding diseases : a focus sm johnson   rl wiseman   y sekijima   ns green   sl  acc . chem . res   2005.0 
et zaniolo c.   â ?? an implementation of gem : supporting u semanticdata model on a relational back-end s tsur proc . acm-sigmod conference on management of data   boston    
sedna : a native xml dbms m grinev   a fomichev   s kuznetsov   
sgml : the quiet revolution j karney  pc magazine    
the extension   application   and generalization of a phage t7 intracellular growth model l you  2002.0 
the ansa project and standards aj herbert acm press frontier series   1990.0 
m. tokuda computational study of polycrystalline behaviour under complex loading conditions f havlicek proceedings of plasticity      
ds   and m. tan . semantic data caching and replacement s dar   mj franklin   bt jonsson  & hellip ; conference on very large data bases  
second order initial boundary-value problems of variational type d serre    
user groups go high ( er ) tech b machrone  pc magazine    
diamond in the rough : finding hierarchical heavy hitters in multi-dimensional data g cormode   f korn   s muthukrishnan   d srivastava 2004.0  proc . acm sigmod    
the evolution of parental care patterns : a synthesis and a study of the breeding ecologyof the tr carlisle 1981.0    
innovation potential and performance of medium-sized manufacturing enterprises in slovenia t kroslin proceedings of the 25 thconference podim      
simon : a grammar-based transformation system for structured documents a feng   t wakayama    
the ordered weighted geometric operator : properties and application f chiclana   f herrera   e herrera-viedma proc   2000.0    
structured prioritized sweeping r dearden    
where is the home choke ? journal of personality and social psychology   br schlenker   st phillips   ka boniecki   dr  1995.0 
a small-area high-performance 512-point 2-dimensional fft single-chip processor n miyamoto   l karnan   k maruo   k kotani   t ohmi   
improved nonparametric confidence intervals in time series regressions   â ?? jp romano   m wolf    
classification of stable time { optimal controls on 2-manifolds u boscain   i nikolaev   b piccoli    
march 1975 . slope stability and mass wasting in the ashland creek watershed . us forest service   sa wilson   bg hicks unpublished    
semantic conflict resolution ontology ( scrol ) : an ontology for detecting and resolving data and 2004.0 s ram   j park ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering    
intravenous immunoglobulin for preventing infection in preterm and/or low-birth-weight infants a ohlsson   jb lacy  cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
languages for multi-database interoperability ptoc . of the acm sigmod   tucson   arizona   may   g frederic   vs lakshmanan laks   n subramaman iyer     
oeuvres completes c ehresmann parties  
a case study : automatic reconfiguration in autonet tl rodeheffer   md schroeder acm press frontier series   1993.0    
towards automated performance iâ ?? uning for complex workloads kp brownt   m mehta   mj careyt   m livny    
r lone on eztendmg the functtons of a relatconal database system acm sigmod   orlando   rl haskm   
burg : fast optimal instruction selection and tree parsing cw fraser   rr henry   ta proebsting acm sigplan notices   1992.0    
hormone replacement therapy to maintain cognitive function in women with dementia e hogervorst   k yaffe   m richards   f huppert cochrane database syst rev   2002.0    
a rich counter for antimatter and isotope identification in the cosmic radiation p carison   t francke   m suffert   n weber  proceedings of the 23rd international cosmic ray conference   & hellip ;    
leap : a fipa platform for handheld and mobile devices f bergenti   a poggi lecture notes in computer science     2002.0 
loads on bulk solids containers   standards association of australia a standard    
impaired predator evasion in fat blackcaps ( sylvia atricapilla ) c kullberg   t fransson   s jakobsson proceedings : biological sciences     1996.0 
optical rotatory dispersion c djerassi    
a theorem of lie-kolchin for trees j tits contributions to algebra    
rethinking our approach to water supply provision ja rees  geography   1976.0 
a theory of forest dynamics : the ecological implications of forest succession models 1984.0 hh shugart   
consequences of priming : judgment and behavior journal of personality and social psychology   pm herr   
eplâ ?? parallel programming with recurrent equations bk szymanski acm press frontier series     1991.0 
balkema-rotterdam-the netherlands w van katwijk   s van nederland  isbn    
haccp for irish beef slaughter dj bolton   jj sheridan   am doherty  isbn    
industrial strength exception freedom 2002.0 r chapman   p amey proceedings of acm sigada    
carson mccullers : a map of love 1960.0 jb vickery wisconsin studies in contemporary literature    
a new c-band 50 mw class sic rf load ss win   h matsumoto   t kek   jm yoshida   j tokyo   
avatars and agents   or life among the indigenous peoples of cyberspace a goldberg acm press siggraph series   1998.0 
march 16   2000   united states forest service   baker ranger district   telephone conversation j waldo ecology and environment   inc.   seattle      
parallelism and concurrency control performance in distributed database machines mj carey   m livny    
performance analysis of an enhanced pcm thermal control unit em alawadhi   ch amon    
stochastic time-optimal control problems w zhang    
bendiksen   0 . o.   '' nonlinear aspect of the transonic aeroelastic stability problem   '' ka kousen  proc . aiaaiasmeiasceiahs 29th sdm conf.   williamsburg    
variation in behavior perception and ability attribution d newtson   rj rindner journal of personality and social psychology    
roadside barrier testing rh grzebietaâ ? ¦ at icrash      
amicalola report : database and information system research challenges and opportunities in semantic a sheth   r meersman   2002.0 
daisy : a simulationâ ?? based highâ ?? level synthesis tool for modulators k francken   p vancorenland   g gielen proceedings ieee/acm international conference on computerâ ??  
postnatal phenobarbitone for the prevention of intraventricular hemorrhage in preterm infants a whitelaw 2000.0  cochrane database syst rev    
pre-operative endometrial thinning agents before endometrial destruction for heavy menstrual mc sowter   a lethaby   aa singla cochrane database syst rev   2002.0    
conflict detection replicated data acm transactions on database systems   mj carey   m livny  1991.0 
aspect : a formal spectjlcation language for detecting bugs d jackson mit/lcsitr -543   mit laboratory for computer science   june  
the urban hierarchy in england and wales ae smailes geography      
microtubule assembly in vitro gg borisy   jb olmsted   jm marcum   c allen  fed proc   1974.0 
openpm : an enterprise business process flow management system m shan acmsigmodint . conf . management of data   industrialsession   & hellip ;    
stochastic processes e parzen   
on the complexity of join queries m gyssens  acm transactions on database systems    
virtual hashing : a dynamically changing hashing w litwin vldb   1978.0    
an area-efficient standard-cell floating-point unit design for a processing-in-memory system js moon   tj kwon   j sondeen   j draper    
biochemical tests for cultivar identification international seed testing association   zurich   switzerland   sr draper   rj cooke   
design patterns for component-oriented development r karl proceedings of the 25 theuromicro conference   ieee      
properties of pourous silicon . emis datareviews series no. 18   1997 l canham    
active databases as a paradign for enhanced computing environments m mo morgenstern proc . conference on very large    
recursive linear hashing krr sacks-davis acm transactions on database systems    
buffer management algorithms for relational database management systems . information and software technology   mec hull   ff cai   d bell  1988.0 
low-latency communication over fast ethernet lecture notes in computer science   m welsh   a basu   t von eicken  1996.0 
image processing on compressed data for large video databases f arman   a hsu   my chiuâ ? ¦   
environmental study of the dadia forest reserve t adamakopoulos   s gatzogiannis   k poirazides  acnat programme   wwf-greece   eu dg xi . athens   greece : & hellip ;    
para-functional programming in haskell p hudak 1991.0  acm press frontier series    
max weber : an intellectual portrait r bendix    
where have all the senior faculty gone ? . 1984.0 hw sheridan new directions for teaching and learning    
projecting xml elements a marian   j simã © on int . conference on very large databases vldbâ ?? 03    
non-functional requirements analysis : deficiencies in structured methods dj grimshaw   gw draper 2001.0  information & software technology    
similarity search on the web : evaluation and scalability considerations proceedings of the 28th international conference on very & hellip ;   th haveliwala   a gionis   d klein   p indyk   
the case for enhanced abstract data types . 23rd vldb conf athens   greece   p seshadri   m livny   r ramakrishnan   
parameter identification in robot control applied mathematics and computer science   c schmidt   m pruefer  1997.0 
godis-issue-based dialogue management in a multi-domain   multi-language dialogue system s larsson   s ericsson   
optimizing parallel bitonic sort ke schauser 1996.0    
flexible and recoverable interaction between applications and active databases vldb journal   en hanson   ic chen   r dastur   k engel   v ramaswamy  1997.0 
implementation of a portable fortran 77 compiler using modern tools si feldman acm sigplan notices     1979.0 
harmonic analysis of spherical functions on real reductive groups ra gangolli   vs varadarajan  1988.0 
reducing multidatabase query response time by tree balancing w du   u dayal sigmod conference   1995.0 
adaptive record clustering y ct   lk suen   mk siu acm transactions on database systems    
data on the webâ '' b nguyen   s abiteboul   g cobena   m preda   xml proceedings of the acm-sigmod    
l and hume-rothery w 1955 al sutton phil . mag      
s + spatialstats userâ ?? s manual   version 1.0 ms inc mathsoft inc.   seattle   washington   usa      
oodb bulk loading revisited : the partitioned-list approach proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1995.0 jl wiener   jf naughton   
algorithm for detection of vfib in real time from ecg ( abstract only ) l patomaki   a nieminen oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0    
three studies for social housing 1977.0 d emmanuel   
mendrup : a bonpo ritual for the benefit of all living beings and for the empowerment of medicine m kind  1999.0 
medical education in the united states and canada : a report to the carnegie foundation for the a flexner 1910.0    
enhanced cd with up-shift and down-shift damping of ec waves on fast electrons in ftu g granucci   a bruschi   s cirant   b esposito   d    
a conceptual architecture for semantic enabled web services c bussler   a maedche   d fensel  acm sigmod    
initial vascularisation of the pig placenta : 1 v dantzer   r leiser demonstration of non-glandular areas by histology and & hellip ;      
core competence management in business process reengineering proceedings of 1999 international conference of management & hellip ;   1999.0 zp fan   y li   
tolerance of trees to deficiencies of soil aeration g yelenosky proc . int . shade tree conf      
b. bhattacharjee . and c. kommareddy . scalable application layer multicast proceedings of acm sigeomm   august   s banerjee   
leave in time : a new service discipline for real time communications in a packet switching nework proceedings acm nrfj pasquale   
quantum electrodynamics of strong fields w greinerâ ? ¦   1985.0 
u-tel : a tool for eliciting user task models from domain expert r chung-man   dt maulsby   a puerta  proceedings acm  
cockpit display of traffic information w johnson   v battiste  demonstration cd . flight deck display research group   nasa  
distributed concurrency control performance : a study of algorithms   distribution   and replication 1988.0 mj carey   m livny vldb    
markov chains and stochastic stability 1993.0 sp meyn   rl tweedie   
counter current studies on actinide partitioning from sulphate bearing simulated high level waste ds deshingkar   1993.0 
object model for database end-user interfaces-in proc m gyssens   j paredaens   dvga graph-oriented acm sigmod conference on the management of data   atlantic  
the effect of latitudinally varying solar wind flux on the lyman alpha sky background ( abstract only ) 1991.0 t summanen   e kyrola   r lallement   jl bertaux oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;    
service level management with agent technology computer networks   t bissel   m bogen   c bonkowski   v hadamschek  2000.0 
self-complexity as a cognitive buffer against stress-related illness and depression pw linville 1987.0  journal of personality and social psychology    
anger and frontal brain activity : eeg asymmetry consistent with approach motivation despite negative e harmon-jones   jjb allen journal of personality and social psychology   1998.0 
approximate similarity search in high dimensions via hashing a gionis   p indyk   r motwani   
sur la theorie non commutative de lâ ?? integration a connes  1979.0 
growth and characterization of high-performance photorefractive batio3 crystals c warde   mh garrett   jy chang   hp jenssen   hl  1991.0 
dynamic modelling and simulation of two-mode electric variable transmission d zhang   j chen   t hsieh   j rancourt   mr schmidt  proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   2001.0 
integrated tunable transmitters for wdm networks la coldren   
short pcps verifiable in polylogarithmic time unpublished manuscript   2004.0 e ben-sasson   o goldreich   p harsha   m sudan   s   
data partitioning and load balancing in parallel disk systems p scheuermann   g weikum   p zabback  the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1998.0 
chapman & hill   new york   london   etc ms waterman   
homogenous measures ~ ad polynomial time iavaxiaz ~ ts la levin proc . 29th ieee syrup . on foundations of computer science    
design of a simulation environment based on software agents and the high level architecture z maamar information & software technology     2003.0 
music of young children santa barbara   california : pillsbury foundation for & hellip ;   pf studies   
on the solution of reroute sequence planning problem in mpls networks computer networks   bg jozsa   m makai  2003.0 
sex role adaptability : one consequence of psychological androgyny sl bem journal of personality and social psychology      
the nimble integration system d draper   ay halevy   ds weld proc . of sigmod    
bpredator : a resource for database research   â ?? â ?? sigmod p seshadri   
pole assignment self-tuning regulator proc . lee   pe wellstead   d prager   p zanker   
implementation of an agent-based business process g pang   
aspects of a high-performance parallel-architecture simulator master &#39; s thesis   mit laboratory for computer science   ea brewer   
conservation of a hairpin ribozyme sequence in hiv-1 is required for efficient viral replication o yamada   g kraus   b sargueil   q yu   jm burke   f virology-new york -   1996.0 
c++ as the living language pc-magazine   russian s boris   
nutrition decision tree wm dear   y webb  isbn    
prophylactic benefits at exam time on cell mediated immunity through self hypnosis training jh gruzelier   f smith   a nagy   d henderson   2000.0 
application of evaporography to imaging of far-infrared radiation patterns g dodel   j krautter   h haeglsperger  & hellip ; on infrared physics   zurich   switzerland   aug. 11-15   1975 . & hellip ;   1976.0 
a concurrent database manipulation problem : binary search trees ht kung   pl lehman acm transactions on database systems     1980.0 
the role of sequence markers in reading and recall : comparison of native and nonnative english sr goldman  1988.0 
ontology management in enterprises bt technology journal   1999.0 z cui   vam tamma   f bellifemine   
sequnce query processing p seshadri   m livny   r ramakrishnan  proc . of the acm sigmod conf.   pages430441   minneapolis   mn   & hellip ;    
screening for vitamin d depletion am parfitt  lancet i   1984.0 
towards self-tuning data placement in parallel database systems ml lee   m kitsuregawa   bc ooi   kl tan   a mondal sigmod conference   2000.0 
1157 : â ?? a simple network management protocol ( snmp ) â ?? : may 1990   j. case   snmp research   m. fedor   rfc ietf mit laboratory for computer science . ( status :    
theophylline toxicity due to drug interaction . journal of emergency medicine   1989.0 m tenenbein   
software snafu triggers order delays   loss t hoffman    
state constitutionalism and the domain of normative theory db rodriguez san diego law review     2000.0 
biogeography and distribution of three parapatric salamander species in coastal and borderland the california islands : proceedings of a multidisciplinary & hellip ;   kp yanev  1980.0 
initial trust formation in new organizational relationships dh mcknight   ll cummings   nl chervany 1998.0  the academy of management review    
massive subgaleal hematoma following minor head trauma . journal of emergency medicine   ds cooling   p viccellio  1991.0 
sagitta method with guaranteed convergence 2005.0 a santos-palomo submitted for publication    
december 1990   compiling scientific code using partial evaluation a berlin   d weise ieee  
mining system audit data : opportunitiesandchallenges w lee   w fan sigmod record      
the diplomatic ideas and practices ofasian states . 1990 a kapur    
interactive cross-platform promise of java . rv dragan pc magazine      
marine phycoculture in china ck tseng  proc . int . seaweed symp    
learning to match ontologies a doan   j madhavan   r dhamankar   p domingos   ay vldb journal      
pet allergen control measures for allergic asthma in children and adults 2003.0 s kilburn   tj lasserson   m mckean cochrane database syst rev    
the diverse campus : broadening our ideal to incorporate all voices 1999.0 aj kezar new directions for higher education    
check-list of birds of the world e mayr   jc greenway jr ix : i-xii    
multi-disk management proceedings of acm sigmetrics m livny   s khoshafian   h boral   
directions in software engineering for parallel systems proc . of the 28th hawaiian conference on systems science   & hellip ;   ie jelly   
bulk loading revisited jl wiener   jf naughton proceedings of the 21th international conference on very & hellip ;    
coloured petri nets : a high level language for system design and analysis springer-verlag   1991.0 k jensen   
on similarity-based queries for time series data d rafiei    
evaluation of the 1998 forest fires in east-kalimantan ( indonesia ) using multitemporal ers-2 sar f siegert   aa hoffmann    
hadronic equation of state and the onset of kaon condensation ( abstract only ) oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   j cleymans   j staalnacke   e suhonen  1991.0 
qmf banks with approximately linear-phase analysis and synthesis filters   '' mm ekanayake   k premaratne   iir two-channel  proc . 28th annual asilomar conference    
logic and algebraic languages for interoperability in multidatabase systems lvs lakshmanan   f sadri   in subramanian   
sex-related social   mating   and foraging behavior in some sequentially hermaphroditic reef fishes 1980.0 sg hoffman   
time for action : on the relation between time   knowledge 1988.0 y shoham   
structures in the turbulent boundary layer and their interaction with particles d kaftori  1993.0 
composing monads using coproducts c luth   n ghani    
types   distribution   and test and correction times for programming errors ml shooman   mi bolsky acm sigplan notices   1975.0    
hypertextas a medium for interactive learning procs . of 6th canadiansymposium on instructional mr kibby   jt mayes   c knussen   
introducing the microsoft . net platform 2001.0 ds platt   
parallel query optimization for shared memory multiprocessors h lu   mc shan   kl tan  proceedings of 17th vldb conference   august    
prevention of vitamin a deficiency see ref   ba underwood   
a simple traction control for tracked vehicles z fan   y koren   d wehe & hellip ; of the american control conference   seattle   washington   & hellip ;      
a theorem about concor j kruskal unpublished manuscript      
a super scalar sort algorithm for risc urocessors proc . sigmod intl. conf : on managâ ?? ement of data   ca lami ramesh   
linguistic types of aphasia see ref   r jakobson   
spontaneous user behavior in vocal queries for audio-mining . m lesaffre   d moelants   m leman  2003.0 
application of operant conditioning techniques to the control of cardiac arrhythmias bt engel   er bleecker  see ref    
java speed trials rv dragan   l seltzer pc magazine    
using asynchronous and bulk communication to construct an optimizing com : piler for distributed - proc . 1995 acm int . conf . supercomputing   h sato   t nanri   m shimasaki   
identity as a query language primitive proc . sigmod   portland   oregon   s abiteboul   p kanellakis   
improving cisc instruction decoding performance using a fill unit proc . 28th ann . int &#39; l symp . m franklin   m smotherman   
domain analysis : an introduction r prieto-diaz acm sigsoft software engineering notes     1990.0 
thera and therasia jw sperling 1973.0    
buffer overflow management in qos switches a kesselman   z lotker   y mansour   b patt-shamir   b   
k.   kim   w.   kim   h.-j.   korth   hf ( 1987 ) . semantics and implementation of schema evolution in b banerjee proc . acmsigmod conf.   san francisco      
acute lindane poisoning in three children1 sp nordt   g chew journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
ultrasound enhanced soil washing . environ . geotechnol jn meegoda   d ho   rm frederick  proc . int . symp    
current research into specialized processors for text information retrieval vldb   la hollaar   dc roberts   
person of the day : cultural literacy in the elementary classroom . 1992.0 l northup social studies and the young learner    
dt/de series userâ ?? s manual version 4.02 i biosonics  seattle   washington    
effect of the duration of bee pollination on fruit setandyield ofapple . abstract 2004 p benedek   j nyeki proceedings of the 23rd international horticultural congress      
an evaluation of generic bulk loading techniques j van den bercken   b seeger  proceedings of the 27th international conference on very & hellip ;   2001.0 
a characterization of globally consistent databases and their correct access paths acm transactions on database systems   y sagiv  1983.0 
hartree-fock ab initio treatment of crystalline systems c pisani   r dovesi   c roetti  1988.0 
magnetostratigraphy of the late permian coal measures   sydney & gunnedah basin : a regional & global h theveniaut   c klootwijk   c foster   j giddings proc . 28th newcastle symp    
the powerset operator as a result of adding programming constructs to the nested algebra m gyssens   d van gucht proceedings acm sigmod      
california dob index   ( 1990 's   from acpl e-resources )   '' c csra 1800.0    
evaluation of function blocks for asynchronous design proceedings of acm   cd nielsen  1994.0 
a retrieval technique for similarity shapes hv jagadish  proc . 1991 acmsigmod int . conf . management of  
learning from native adult education ja orr new directions for adult and continuing education   2000.0 
a service platform for online games d saha   s sahu   a shaikh proc . of acm netgames    
heat transfer in meat dr heldman proc . 28th annual reciprocal meat conference of the american & hellip ;    
academic competitiveness among graduate students ma cretsinger   2003.0 
braverman   mt and slater   jk ( eds )   current issues in survey research da dillman   rl sangster   j tarnai   t rockwood new directions for program evaluation series   jossey-bass   & hellip ;    
the role of initial flaw size and plasticity in adjacent layers in channeling crack growth in thin submitted for publication   2002.0 jm ambrico   mr begley   
monograph series of the international conferences on coordination chemistry   ed . by g. ondrejovic m lalia-kantouri slovak technical university    
inside distributed com microsoft programming series   1998.0 g eddon   h eddon   
stochastic heat and wave equations on a lie group s peszat   s tindel   
andj . a. copeland   â ?? balanced media access methods for wireless networks   â ?? t ozugur   m naghshineh   p kermani   cm olsen   b proc . acm/ieee    
the microsoft guide to c++ programming k christian microsoft programming series   1992.0 
gt-cats as a model of pilot behavior in the ` glass cockpit ' : an application and empirical evaluation tj callantine   cm mitchell   ea palmer  submitted for publication    
classification of drug according to their discriminable effects in rats 1974.0 1974   
living with agents j collis   s soltysiak   d ndumu   n azarmi bt technology journal   2000.0 
from tree patterns to generalized tree patterns : on efficient evaluation of xquery z chen   hv jagadish   lvs lakshmanan   s paparizos   2003.0 
vist : a dynamic index method for querying xml data structures h wang   s park   w fan   ps yu  proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
agents for process coherence in virtual enterprises ak jain   mp singh  communications-acm   1999.0 
the architecture of an active data base management system dr mccarthy    
optimal software testing and adaptive software testing in the context of software cybernetics ky cai 2002.0  information and software technology    
m.   franklin   m. . livny   m.   shekita   e. data cuchtng tradeoffs tn client-server dfims archftectures proc . acm sigmod international conference on management of & hellip ;   c carey   
critical pegagogy : a foundation for student empowerment . perspectives . n ukpokoduâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner   1994.0    
distributed fusion architectures and algorithms for target tracking proceedings-ieee   me liggins   cy chong   i kadar   mg alford   v   
international criminal law   1990 vol f malekian    
a scan-driven sort facility for a relational database system t haerder vldb   1977.0 
test flow fluctuations with the 50 mw linde n-4 high voltage arc air heater fja huber & hellip ; symposium   25 th   anaheim   calif   proceedings . part 1   1979.0    
t/ow to assemble tree machines sn bhatt   ce lciserson  1984.0 
washington   dc : national science foundation . 1998 w monograph    
a study of exception handling and its dynamic optimization in java t ogasawara   h komatsu   t nakatani    
effectiveness of transient immunosuppression using cyclosporine for xenomyoblast transplantation for hk haider   sj jiang   l ye   s aziz   pk law   ekw sim transplantation proceedings   2004.0 
electronic applications for the calculation of static and dynamic elements of forest stands of beach l apatsidis   h sifakis  & hellip ; research institute of athens publishers   athens   greece ( in & hellip ;    
hygienic quality of source separated urine based on the analysis of faecal indicator bacteria   ta stenstrã ¶ m   a sundin   h jã ¶ nsson   
part three : where should leaders in adult and continuing education come from ? . p jarvis   ws griffith 1992.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
the next 10 000 years : part 1 t lewis ieee computer      
active visual basic 5.0 microsoft programming series   g eddon   h eddon  1997.0 
problem-based learning in business education : curriculum design and implementation issues je stinson   rg milter  new directions for teaching and learning   1996.0 
a graph-oriented object model for database end-user interfaces m gyssens   j paredaens    
active xml : peer-to-peer data and web services integration ( demo ) proc . of vldb   s abiteboul   o benjelloun   i manolescu   t milo   r  2002.0 
adoption and focus : practical linear types for imperative programming r deline   m fahndrich  proceedings of acm sigplan conference on programming & hellip ;   2002.0 
conflict in south african cities geography   dm smith   
stochastic processes on polish spaces j homann-jrgensen unpublished manuscript      
verifying continuous-time markov chains a aziz   k sanwal   v singhal   rk brayton lecture notes in computer science     1996.0 
alphasort : a cache-sensitive parallel external sort c nyberg   t barclay   z cvetanovic   j gray   d lomet the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;     1995.0 
overlay routing vs multihoming : an end-to-end perspective a akella   j pang   b maggs   s seshan   a shaikh proc . acm sigcomm    
some statistical-estimation methods for stochastic finite-state transducers machine learning   2001.0 d picã ³   f casacuberta   
revue des connaissances actuelles sur la sensibilite alâ ?? electricitc statique des substances r rat   m roux   jp chaumat proceedings of the joumees dâ ?? etudes sur la sensibilite des  
rationale for hospital waste utilization measures nv rusakov   ov mironenko gigiena i sanitariia   2003.0    
integrated manufacturing and human resource management : a human capital perspective sa snell   jw dean jr the academy of management journal   1992.0 
shelxtl5 . 2 s lee   sr lovelace   dj arford   sj geib   sg weber   acc . chem .    
measuring end-to-end bulk transfer capacity m aiiman  proceedings of acm sigcomm intemet measurement workshop    
sgml tools proceedings of : deuxiã ¨ me ã © cole d &#39; ã © tã © sgml   talloires ( & hellip ;   s pepper   f hurtigtrykk   
independent component analysis for parallel financial time series k kiviluoto   e oja   
comments on the debate : data-structure-set versus relational j clymer 1975.0  acm sigmod record    
chatâ ?? s where itâ ?? s atâ ?? a hickman pc magazine      
rule-based workflow management for bioinformatics the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   j conery   j catchen   m lynch  2005.0 
fastsort : a distributed single-input single-output external sort acm sigmod record   1990.0 b salzberg   a tsukerman   j gray   m stuewart   s   
iterated time series prediction with ensemble models jd wichard   m ogorzaå?ek   
patterns of routine antenatal care for low-risk pregnancy cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 j villar   g carroli   d khan-neelofur   g piaggio   m   
ways to go in rama : a case study in polygrammaticalization ' cg craig approaches to grammaticalization      
performance evaluation of attribute-based tree organization v gopalakrishna   ce veni madhavan acm transactions on database systems   1980.0 
time lags in biological models n macdonald   1978.0 
learning embedded maps of markov processes y engel   s mannor    
wavecluster : a wavelet-based clustering approach for spatial data in very large databases the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2000.0 g sheikholeslami   s chatterjee   a zhang   
learning source description for data integration ah doan   p domingos   ay levy 2000.0  webdb ( informal proceedings )    
enzyme histochemistry and immunohistochemistry with freeze-dried or freeze-substituted resin - gi murray 1992.0  the histochemical journal    
maximum likelihood   consistency and data envelopment analysis : a statistical foundation rd banker management science   1993.0    
timber : a native xml database h jagdishâ ? ¦ acm  
conceptual modeling of web service conversations b benatallah   f casati   f toumani   r hamadi   
properties of the tree k-median linear programming relaxation j ward   rt wong   p lemke   a oudjit unpublished manuscript      
motivation for higher-order learning 1999.0 jg donald new directions for teaching and learning    
j.   stone   ec   waddington   cj   garrard   & binns   wr 1990 i tl   k mh  proc . 21st int . cosmic-ray  
active xml : peer-to-peer data and web serivces integration ( demo ) s abiteboul   o benjelloun   i manolescu   t milo   r proceedings of the international vldb  
michael tan . semantic data caching and replacement s dar   mj franklin   bã ? jã ³ nsson   d srivastava vldb  
chain extension of sugar î ´ - lactones with the enolate of tert-butyl bromoacetate and elaboration f schweizer   t inazu 1995.0  acc . chem . res    
efficient frequency domain digital video scrambling for content access control proc . acm w zeng   s lei   
the consequences of optimization for underspecification s inkelas 1995.0  proceedings-nels    
the case for enhanced abstract data types r ramakrishnan   p seshadri   m livny proc . of vldb      
composing mappings among data sources proceedings of the conference on very large databases   & hellip ;   a halevy   j madhavan   
on-to-knowledge : semantic web enabled knowledge management 2002.0 j davies   d fensel   f van harmelen   
microsoft terraserver : a spatial data warehouse arxiv preprint cs.db / 9907016   tbjgd slutz  1999.0 
the evolution of host-parasite interaction pr day   ja barrett   ms wolfe see ref      
the powerset algebra as a result of adding programming constructs to the nested relational algebra proceedings of the 1988 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1988.0 m gyssens   d van gucht   
relations of the neo-pi-r ( neo-ffi ) dimensions of to sense of coherence ( soc ) and other measures of mp wissing   mm du toit  proceedings of the 23rd international congress of applied & hellip ;    
parallel disk assembly packs 1.5 gbytes   runs at 4 mbytes/s n mokho electronic design      
moving assessment forward : enabling conditions and stumbling blocks tw banta 1997.0  new directions for higher education    
implementing xquery 1.0 : the galax experience 2003.0 m fernandez   j simeon   b choi   a marian   g sur proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
hamiltoniens periodiques sur les varietes symplectiques compactes de dimension 4   geometrie m audin  proceedings    
applications of parametric searching in geometric [ 4 ] hv jagadish . a retrieval technique for similar proc . of the acm sigmod pk agarwa   m sharir   s toledo   
a generic approach to bulk loading multidimensional index structures j van den bercken   b seeger   p widmayer 1997.0  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
induction of lignitication in response to fungal infection y asada   t ohguchi   i matsumoto see ref      
lepton flavour eigenstates do not exist if neutrinos are massive : â ?? neutrino oscillationsâ ?? jh field    
packet classification algorithms for gigabit internet routers proceedings of acm tv lakshman   d stiliadis   
lynx life extension activities in the royal netherlands navy jg van der horst   l melissant 1999.0  european rotorcraft forum   25 th   rome   italy   proceedings.    
where were we : making and using near-synchronous   pre-narrative video sl minneman   sr harrison    
teg : a high-performance   scalable   multi-network point-to-point communications methodology lecture notes in computer science   ts woodall   rl graham   rh castain   dj daniel   mw  2004.0 
kelp growth on an ocean farm in relation to fertilizing v gerard   w north proc . int . seaweed symp    
speech recognition - making it work for real f scahill   je talintyre   sh johnson   ae bass   j bt technology journal   1996.0 
handbook of batteries . d linden    
xenoantibody response of patients with severe acute liver failure exposed to porcine antigens 1997.0 a baquerizo   a mhoyan   h shirwan   j swensson   rw transplantation proceedings    
sequence organization ea schegloff unpublished manuscript      
a formalism for consistency and partial replication m shapiro   k bhargavan   y chong   y hamadi   
multiple channel model for the prediction of subjective image quality c zetzsche   g hauske proc . spie   1989.0 
attachment styles among young adults k bartholomew   lm horowitz 1991.0  journal of personality and social psychology    
receptor-induced translocation and activation of pkc-theta in t cells are mediated by a non - 2001.0 m villalbaâ ? ¦   
the global routingâ ?? a combinatorial design problem h fan   p haxell   j liu    
techniques for solving graph problems in parallel pm hochschild   ew mayr   ar siegel proceedings of the 23rd annual symposium on the foundations & hellip ;      
sugarcane genome analysis with molecular markers   a first decade of research adâ ?? hont   jc glaszmann proc . int . soc . sugarcane . technol      
using spatial segregation measures in gis and statistical modeling packages dws wong   wk chong urban geography   1998.0    
irs project failures cost taxpayers $ 50 b annually computerworld   gh anthes   
defining and implementing fortran generic abstract data types wr collins   kw miller information and software technology   1991.0    
kryptographischer versand und kooperative befundung medizinischer bilddaten in java procs telemed   h schmidt   h handels   u knoppâ ? ¦   
recombination and mammalian genome evolution a eyre-walker proceedings : biological sciences   1993.0 
a specification-based functional testing method for jsp designed programs . rmf roper   p smith information and software technology     1988.0 
an effective class hierarchy concurrency control technique in object-oriented database systems information and software technology   c villena-heinsen   j konig   b von tongelen   ak  1998.0 
female fitness in drosophila melanogaster : an interaction between the effect of nutrition and of t chapman   l partridge proceedings : biological sciences   1996.0 
marshes   mangroves and sea level rise . 1991.0 j pethick geography    
partitioning before logic synthesis r camposano   rk brayton proc . iccad      
gastric rupture and massive pneumoperitoneum after bystander cardiopulmonary resuscitation sr offerman   jf holmes   dh wisner  journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 
digital services in mobile computing b bhargava   m annamalai   e pitoura acm sigmod record      
a type-theoretic foundation of continuations and prompts zm ariola   h herbelin   a sabry   
rethinking the product portfolio : a generalized investment model 1988.0 tm devinney   dw stewart management science    
the building blocks for specifying communication of complex objects   an activity-driver approach l ling 1996.0    
specifying and analyzing dynamic software architectures 1998.0 r allen   r douence   d garlan lecture notes in computer science    
modeling of visual-vestibular interaction and the fast components of nystagmus 1978.0 cgy lau   
hydroacoustic evaluation of juvenile salmonid fish passage at john day dam in summer   1989 . nmfs / bd mcfadden   j hedgepeth 1990.0    
dynamic voting for consistent primary components in proceedings of 16th acm symposium of principles d dolev   i keidar   e lotem  santa barbara   california    
the partitioned-list approach jl wiener   jf naughton   obl revisited proceedings of the 21th international conference on very  
proton nmr studies on human blood plasma : an application to cancer research ( abstract only ) m ala-korpela   y hiltunen   j jokisaari   s  proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ;   1991.0 
striatal function and stereotyped behavior sd iversen see divac      
of the office of extension work in the south   noted   â ?? in many cases incomes must be increased b knapp   me cresswell see â ?? the effect of home demonstration work on the & hellip ;      
ress ) dynamic modeling ofnatural resource use academic press m ruth   b hannon san  
a technique for high-performance data coinpression ta welch ieee computer    
on being optimistic about real-time constraints proceedings of the ninth acm sigact-sigmod-sigart symposium & hellip ;   1990.0 jr haritsa   mj carey   m livny   
20-methyl vitamin d analogues g neef   g kirsch   k schwarz   h wiesinger   a menrad  proceedings of the 9th workshop on vitamin d   1994   orlando   & hellip ;    
isomorphisms of generic recursive polynomial types m fiore   
giving thanks : observing thanksgiving   kwanzaa   and day of the dead 1997.0 mt dever   jj barta social studies and the young learner    
a database platform for bioinformatics s banerjee proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2000.0    
drugs and human information processing e callaway   r halliday   h naylor   l yano neuropsychopharmacology-san diego -   1994.0    
adaptive filtering in the frequency domain m dentino   j mccool   b widrow proc . ieee    
focus on folk tales . 1995.0 mg hickey social studies and the young learner    
node replacement in hypergraphs : simulation of hyperedge replacement   and decidability of confluence r klempien-hinrichs  lecture notes in computer science   1996.0 
kardamomâ ?? a dataflow database machine for real-time applications g von bultzingsloewen   kr dittrich 1988.0  acm sigmod record    
a methodology for designing toolkits for specification level verification of interval-constrained sm schorling   dc rine information & software technology    
adaptive self-optimising pole shifting control algorithm op malik   
gate matrix optimization using simulated annealing ( abstract only ) oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   h raittinen   j niittylahti   k kaski  1991.0 
results from two years of owl surveys in the chequamegon/nicolet national forest 2002.0 a paulis   
isdl : instruction set description language version 1.0 g hadjiyiannis   
context and collective action : four interactive building blocks for a family of explanatory theories e ostrom  unpublished manuscript   1999.0 
editorial by sp sim and nj davies nj davies   sp sim bt technology journal     1997.0 
control and information in the intrapersonal sphere : an extension of cognitive evaluation theory rm ryan journal of personality and social psychology    
stochastic oscillations in gyrotrons mi airila   o dumbrajs proc . 26th int . conf . infrared and millimeter    
clonal variation in four-yearold loblolly pine in coastal north carolina lj frampton   da huber proceedings of the 23rd southern forest tree improvement & hellip ;      
on parallel processing ofaggregateandscalar functionsinobjectrelationaldbms proc . of acm sigmod   m jaedicke   b mitschang   
research problems in genome databases n goodman    
stochastic techniques for resource management bt technology journal   c brind   c muller   p prosser  1995.0 
verification of the national weather service extended streamflow prediction procedure proc . 28th conf . and symp . on managing water resources & hellip ;   gn day   le brazil   cs mccarthy   dp laurine   
mini-units for teaching geography . pull-out feature : series 1   number 2 . s hicksâ ? ¦ social studies and the young learner     1988.0 
defining ecoregions as framework for the assessment of ecological monitoring networks in germany by w schrã ¶ der   g schmidt  gate to ehs    
an earthworm population and activity survey of selected agronomic areas in minnesota dj fuchs   dr linden unpublished manuscript    
ethics of student-faculty friendshipâ ? in ethical dimensions of college and university teaching : r baker jr  new directions for teaching and learning    
hordeiviruses : biology and pathology tw carroll see ref    
evidence for cell mediated immunity to renal antigens in minimal change nephrotic syndrome k eyres   np mallick   g taylor lancet    
the design and implementationof a sequence database system p seshadri   m livny   r ramakrishnan  proceedings ofthetwentysecond  
dietary effects on serum phytanic acid levels and on clinical manifestations in heredopathia l eldjarn   k try   o stokke   s refsum   o steinberg   lancet i     1966.0 
efficacy of permethrin-impregnated uniforms in the prevention of malaria and leishmaniasis in j soto   f medina   n dember journal of emergency medicine     1996.0 
comparing data streams using hamming norms g cormode   m datar   p indyk   s muthukrishnan 2002.0  proceedings of 28th international conference on very large & hellip ;    
user behavior analysis of location aware search engine p iko   t shintani   k takahashi   m kitsuregawa proc . of international conference on mobile data management & hellip ;      
de la ceee madrid : ministerio de sanidad y consumo   1994 : 14â ± 15   50â ± 51 lã ? mendizaã?bal   c prestaciones sanitarias en los    
from tree patterns to generalized tree patterns : on efficient evaluation of xquery zchvjlvs lakshmanan   s paparizos  proceedings of the 29th very large data base conference    
about wavelab jb buckheit   s chen   dl donoho   im johnstone   j   
application of dynamic band brake model for enhanced drivetrain simulation proceedings of the i mech e part d journal of automobile & hellip ;   y fujii   we tobler   em clausing   tw megli   m  2002.0 
sink repositioning for enhanced performance in wireless sensor networks k akkaya   m younis   m bangad computer  
reprã © sentations intermã © diaires dans la reconnaissance de la parole : apports de la technique de r kolinsky   j morais proceedings of the 19th journã © es dâ ?? ã © tude sur la parole      
relationship of lymphoproliferation and clinical blood parameters to contaminants in loggerhead mm peden-adams   jm keller   rd day   ar johnson   j proceedings of setac 23rd annual meeting in north america    
machine classification of ischemic electrocardiograms i pitas   mg strintzis   s grippas   c xerostylides  ieee mediterranean electrotechnical conf.   athens   greece    
real-time communication acm press frontier series   p verãssimo  1993.0 
matrix-geometric solutions in stochastic models   johns hopkins   baltimore m neuts md      
hiv-1 escapes from rna interference mediated inhibition tr brummelkamp   at das   m vink   m madiredjo   r   
a simple algorithm for approximating confidence on the modified allan variance and the time variance m weiss   c greenhall proc . 28th annual precise time and time interval ( ptti ) & hellip ;    
price/performance index pc magazine  portable pcs   pc magazine    
performance modeling of las based scheduling in packet switched networks ia rai   g urvoy-keller   m vernon   ew biersack proc . of acm sigmetrics-performance    
thinking ahead on e-marketplaces . p samec    
tentative detection of a cosmic far-infrared background with cobe jl puget   a abergel   jp bernard   f boulanger   wb astronomy and astrophysics-berlin -   1996.0    
the equivalence of models of tasking dm berry proceedings of acm conference on proving assertions about & hellip ;   1972.0    
an introduction to bispectral analysis and bilinear time series models t subba rao   mm gabr 1984.0    
diffusion-induced chaos in a spatial predator -- prey system m pascual proceedings : biological sciences   1993.0 
wavecluster : a wavelet based clustering approach for spatial data vldb journal   g sheikholeslamiâ ? ¦   
temporal fds on complex objects   acm tans database syst   j wijsen   
retrieving music-to index or not to index   a haapaniemi   e ukkonen    
the icrp 50 model ce land radon   proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the & hellip ;    
3d graphics programming for windows 95 1996.0 n thompson microsoft programming series    
use of roles and policies for specifying   building and managing virtual enterprises e lupu   z milosevic   m sloman at    
andtvonrosenvinge   . t. : 1990   â ?? observations in the outer heliosphere of the cosmic ray recovery fb mcdonald   n lal   a lukasiak   re mcguire proc . int . conf . cosmic rays  
the stanford graphbase : a platform for combinatorial computing - group of 4 & raquo ; de knuth acm    
com + technical series : queued components d hay microsoft corporation    
changes in tree canopy on fanno creek : d gervais   s mullinax   s shirley 2002.0  geography    
computer programs for biological stereology : pcs system i washington research foundation   seattle   rp bolender   nd pentcheff   
decoupling multivariable self-tuning controller for varying time delays f mahieddine   as morris    
query optimization in compressed database systems z chen   j gehrke   f korn   
semantic data caching and replacement . 22nd vldb conf s dar   m franklin   b jonsson   d srivastava   m tan  bombay   india    
the effects of incremental submaximal exercise on circulating leukocytes in physically active and n moyna   g acker   k weber   j fulton   f goss   r  european journal of applied physiology   1996.0 
a multi-resolution relational data model rl read   ds fussell   a silberschatz    
getting ideas into print : some tips for practitioners . new directions for adult and continuing education   rd fulton  1991.0 
living ring [ hyphen ] opening metathesis polymerization catalyzed by well [ hyphen ] characterized rr schrock  acc . chem . res    
laparoscopic colposuspension for urinary incontinence in women 2002.0 b moehrer   g ellis   m carey   pd wilson cochrane database syst rev    
understanding mcmc go roberts   rl tweedie  to appear    
effects of variation in soil heating during fire on patterns of plant establishment and regrowth in dc odion 1995.0    
endometrial destruction techniques for heavy menstrual bleeding a lethaby   m hickey cochrane database syst rev   2002.0    
symbolics   xerox offer enhanced ai workstation . e bender    
programming portable optimized multimedia applications proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ;   jc rojas   m leeser  2003.0 
a configurable type hierarchy index for oodb ta mueck   ml polaschek  the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   1997.0 
oi arxaâ $ oi ã?ellhnew sthn neoellhnikã ? parã # dosh 1989.0 i kakridã?w   
high-performance frontends for trace processors qa jacobson   1999.0 
investigations on silviculture and productivity of the virgin forest scatlã © / brigels . 1971.0 fw hillgarter   
the active database management systems manifesto kr dittrich   s gatziu   a geppert  sigmod record    
symposium on stars   gas and dust in the galaxy to honor eugenio e. mendoza v. a arellano ferro   m rosado proceedings of the symposium   held august 25-27   1993 in & hellip ;   1994.0 
birch : anecient dataclusteringmethod forvery large databases t zhang   r ramakrishnan   m livny  proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
evaluation of the necessity of a college level hosptality management program in southwest florida m goodman 2002.0    
the 1979 canada-usa cooperative bacillus thuringiensis spray trials against the spruce budworm   washington   seattle   washington   on morris   
the interaction of students ' self-reported motivation and strategies and situational motivation and s jaã?rvelaã ?   m niemivirta   k hakkarainen 1999.0    
birch : an efficient data clustering method for very large databasesâ ''   jagadish hv   mumick is   eds proceedings of the 1996 acm sigmod international conference t zhang   r ramakrishnan   m livny   
treatment of kaposi 's sarcoma in hiv-1 infected individuals with emphasis on resource poor settings cochrane database syst . m dedicoat   m vaithilingum   r newton   
theme parks : laboratories for digital entertainment acm press siggraph series   c stapleton  1998.0 
drug use patterns among high school athletes and nonathletes adolescence-san diego -   ah naylor   d gardner   l zaichkowsky  2001.0 
dial access platform 2000.0 j chuter bt technology journal    
generalized trees to give denotational semantics to finite delay unpublished g winskel   
anvil-a generic annotation tool for multimodal dialogue m kipp  proceedings of eurospeech    
a platform for dutch in human language technologies j beeken   e dewallef   ed ` halleweyn proceedings of lrec2000   athens   greece      
proteomic patterns of cultured breast cancer cells and epithelial mammary cells i pucci-minafra   s fontana   p cancemi   g alaimo   s 2002.0  annals-new york academy of sciences    
foundation of logic programming jw lloyd  1987.0 
a p-complete problem and approximations to it rj anderson   e mayr technical report   stanford university      
experimental studies on seedling ecology of norway spruce in the intermediate alpine mountain forest p brang 1996.0    
characterizing strong normalization in a language with control operators d dougherty   s ghilezan   p lescanne    
languages for multi-database interoperability f gingras   lvs lakshmanan   in subramanian   d  proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1997.0 
composing crosscutting concerns using composition filters l bergmans   m aksit communications-acm   2001.0 
biocoenotic process patterns in the german bight w greve   f reiners   
itâ ?? s time to end information anarchy . s culp    
aging on parisi 's tree p. 265 jp bouchaud   ds dean journal de physique i   1995.0 
one big pile of knowledge b laberis  computerworld    
improving interactive information retrieval effectiveness with 3-d graphics r swan   j allan    
a fondationfor multidimensional databases m gyssens   l lakshmanan proceedings of the 23rd vldb    
advanced ceramics p ramakrishnan bombay   india   8-9 mar. 1990     1990.0 
the role of large wood in the carbon cycle of central amazon rain forest jq chambers 1998.0    
unambiguity of sgml content models a bruggemann-klein submitted for publication    
may ( 1990 ) traffic flow fundamentals d adolf   
frequency domain properties of scalar and multivariable feedback systems js freudenberg   dp looze   1988.0 
the sdss skyserver : public access to the sloan digital sky server data as szalay   j gray   a thakar   pz kunszt   t malik   j sigmod conference   2002.0    
overhead reduction in a architecture for quantum computers m oskin   f chong   i chuang ieee computer    
infant botulism : a case series and review of the literature . rd schmidt   tw schmidt journal of emergency medicine   1992.0 
skin temperature and thermoregulatory sweating : a control systems approach see ref   rw bullard   mr banerjee   f chen   r elizondo   ba   
american dictionary of the english language ( 1st ed . 1828 ) republished by foundation for american n webster see  
the earthquake behavior of plywood sheathed shearwalls . wg stewart   ja dean   aj carr  proc.   int . conf . on timber engineering    
handbook of environmental chemistry : new types of persistent halogenated compounds 2000.0 j passivirta   
generalized time-shift covariant qtfrs with arbitrary group delays proc . 29th asilomar conf . signals   syst . a papandreou-suppappola   
xxl : a prototype for a library of query processing algorithms 2000.0 j van den bercken   jp dittrich   b seeger   
implementing update extensions to xquery 1.0 gm sur   2003.0 
the design and implementation of a sequence database system p seshadri   m livny   r ramakrishnan vldb   1996.0    
sdss image processing i : the deblender aj 2001.0 rh luptonâ ? ¦   
performance analysis of mobile packet radio networks in real channels with inhibit-sense multiple r prasad   
role modelsâ ?? patterns of agent system analysis and design ea kendall  bt technology journal   1999.0 
simulating stable stochastic systems   i : general multiserver queues journal of the acm ( jacm )   ma crane   dl iglehart  1974.0 
multimodal interaction in speech systems ai rudnicky   ag hauptmann 1992.0  acm press frontier series    
sw . eds   frontier series t jw acm press   new  
modeling and performance analysis of qos-aware load balancing of web-server clusters computer networks   2002.0 z shan   c lin   dc marinescu   y yang   
minimax design of optimal stochastic multivariable systems mj grimble    
the effect of learning styles on student performance in interactive video courses proceedings of the 25 thnational agricultural education & hellip ;   r rudd   r telg   
efficient incremental garbage collection for client-server object database systems l amsaleg   m franklin 1995.0  vldb    
attitude intensity   importance   and certainty and susceptibility to response effects ja krosnick   h schuman  journal of personality and social psychology    
how respiratory rhythm originates : evidence from discharge patterns of brainstem respiratory mi cohen  see reference    
the breakdown of the information model in multi-database systems sigmod record   w kent  1991.0 
rapport sur le rendement interne du premier cycle de lâ ?? enseignement de base . ministry of education jp jarousse   g solaux  unpublished manuscript    
keoladeonationalparkecologystudy1980â ?? 1990 & hellip ;   bombay natural history society   india ( bnhs )   bombay   vs vijayan   
the building blocks for specifying communication behavior of complex objects : an activity-driven l liu   r meersman acm transactions on database systems   1996.0    
ductile shear zones ; a mechanism of rock deformation in the orthogneisses of the maggia nappe   c simpson  1981.0 
microsoft terraserver : a spatial data warehouse : [ technical report   ms-tr-99-29 ] advanced technology division   microsoft t barclay   j gray   d slutz   
large-signal behavior of junction transistors jj ebers   jl moll proc . ire    
victim and perpetrator accounts of interpersonal conflict : autobiographical narratives about anger rf baumeister   a stillwell   sr wotman journal of personality and social psychology   1990.0 
implementing xquery 1.0 : the galax experience demonstration track m fernandez   j simeonâ ? ¦ proceedings of conference on very large databases ( vldb ) to & hellip ;    
xmark : a benchmark for xml data management . monetdb . swi . nl   2002 a schmidt   f waas   m kersten   mj carey   i  cwi   amsterdam   nl . microsoft corporations   wa   usa . bea  
penetration of penicillin into human phagocytes containing gonococci . dr veale   h smith lancet i   1975.0 
super coster kronig and resonance super coster kronig spectra of solid ge around 3 p-ionization a kivimaki   h aksela   s aksela   op sairanen  proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ;   1991.0 
et . ai.   '' implementing recoverable queues p bernstein proc . 1990 sigmod annual    
a classification-based methodology for planning audit strategies in fraud detection proceedings of the fifth acm sigkdd international conference & hellip ;   f bonchi   f giannotti   g mainetto   d pedreschi  1999.0 
effect of washing sequence and heated solutions to degreened hamlin oranges on diplodia stem-end rot ge brown   ma baraka proc int soc citriculture      
a distributed object manager for the smalltalk-80 system d decouchant acm press frontier series   1989.0    
rethinking the holidays . teacher 's resources . ph porter social studies and the young learner     1993.0 
alphasort : a cache-sensitive parallel external sort d lomet   t barclay   c nyberg   z cvetanovic   j gray    
virtual hashing dynamically changing hashing w lltwm proc of 4th vldb   west-berlin   sep    
extension of embeddings in the recurisvely enumerable degrees ta slaman   ri soare to appear      
a study of curriculum utilized in three carpenterâ ?? s apprenticeship programs in wisconsin and gt coenen   2002.0 
algebraic support for complex objectswitharrays   identity   andinheritance . inj . cliffordandr . king   proceedings of the sigmod international conference on sl vandenberg   dj dewitt   
neuroticism   marital interaction   and the trajectory of marital satisfaction journal of personality and social psychology   br karney   tn bradbury  1997.0 
low level driving routine for the omni-directional robot c voo & hellip ;   centre for intelligent information processing systems   & hellip ;   2000.0    
the seed : a peer-to-peer environment for genome annotation r overbeek   t disz   r stevens 2004.0  communications-acm    
scheduling tasks with nonuniform deadlines on two processors journal of the acm ( jacm )   1976.0 mr garey   ds johnson   
inside-out interaction : an interaction technique for dealing with large interface surfaces such as d fallman   a lund   m wiberg    
coping as a personality process : a prospective study journal of personality and social psychology   1990.0 n bolger   
sar interferometry : an application of simulated annealing to phase unwrapping s dupont   d labrousse   m berthod   s antipolis proceedings of the scandinavian conference on image analysis   1995.0 
one { two { tree ( s ) and sylow subgroups of sn m abert   p diaconis  technical report   department of mathematics   stanford university  
implementation of a 256-bit wideword processor for the data-intensive architecture ( diva ) processing j draper   j sondeen   cw kang   
divafication : the deification of modern female pop stars l lister popular music and society   2001.0    
an algorithm for pattern discovery in time series . kl klinkner   cr shalizi   jp crutchfield  journal of machine learning research   submitted    
kikuchi patterns in high voltage electron microscopy le thomas phil . mag.   1972.0 
attachment styles and patterns of self-disclosure m mikulincer   o nachshon journal of personality and social psychology    
bayesian estimation of parameters of a structural model for genetic covariances between milk yield proc . 50 thannu . mtg. eaap   zurich   switzerland . wageningen & hellip ;   r rekaya   ka weigel   d gianola   
distributional patterns of lepidoptera in the pacific islands e munroe  see ref    
calcium-aluminumâ ?? rich inclusions from enstatite chondrites : indigenous or foreign ? jc phys   r lett  acc . chem . res   1997.0 
the art of massive storage : a case study of a web archive submitted for publication   n talagala   s asami   d patterson   d hart   b   
the case for enhanced abstract data types   1997 p seshadri   m livny   r ramakrishnan  submitted for  
the treatment of data types in el1 communications of the acm   b wegbreit  1974.0 
reducing prejudice in children : guidelines from research ja banks social studies and the young learner    
irish transnational social movements   deterritorialized migrants   and the state system : the last one m hanagan mobilization-san diego -   1998.0    
psychosocial risk factors in the transition from moderate to heavy use or abuse of drugs js brook   p cohen   m whiteman   as gordon vulnerability to drug abuse      
the role of sportsmen in conservation rocky mountain elk foundation   seattle   washington   march   jh duke jr   
v.   and waterfield md   el mayes   
generic support for distributed applications j bacon   k moody   j bates   
complex objects and their use m design trausacnons ra lone   w plouffe  acm sig-mod conf on management of data    
an applicable test data generation algorithm for domain errors 1998.0 ã ? hajnal   i forgã ¡ cs proceedings of acm sigsoft international symposium on & hellip ;    
a dynamic associate search index for oodb cc low   bc ooi   hl h-trees acm sigmod pm.   ( 1992 )  
5 conclusion w fan   md gordon   p pathak  ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0 
stochastic processes in engineering systems 1984.0 e wong   b hajek   
singular distributed parameter systems z trzaska    
andt . milo . similarity-based queries hv jagadish   a mendelzon proc . acm sigact-sigmod-sigart pods    
a hypothesis about gateway cities af burghardt 1957.0  geography    
arithmetic complexity of computations   cbms-nsf regional conference series in applied mathematics 33 s winograd   
intraductal collagenase delivery into the human pancreas using syringe loading or controlled jrt lakey   gl warnock   z ao   amj shapiro   g 1998.0  transplantation proceedings    
enzyme activities in muscles of seasonally acclimatized house finches c carey   rl marsh   a bekoff   rm johnston   am olin  see ref    
jeux de tableaux in formal power series and algebraic combinatorics : twelfth international t roby   f sottile   j stroomer   j west proceedings   ed . by d krob   et . al.   springer-verlag    
constructing the next 100 database management systems : like the handyman or like the engineer ? a geppert   kr dittrich sigmod record   1994.0 
adaptive testing in arch models ob linton   dg steigerwald   
smoothness of the unnormalized conditional measures of stochastic nonlinear filtering gs ferreyra proceedings of the 23rd ieee conference on decision and & hellip ;    
experimental evaluation of bi-directional multimodal interaction with conversational agents s buisine   jc martin    
the comparison of two merged rain gaugeâ ?? satellite precipitation datasets a gruber   x su   m kanamitsu   j schemm    
on computing correlated aggregates over continual data streams 2001.0 j gehrke   f korn   d srivastava sigmod conference    
trust and distrust : new relationships and realities the academy of management review   1998.0 rj lewicki   dj mcallister   rj bies   
multiversion concurrency control -- theory and algorithms acm transactions on database systems   pa bernstein   n goodman  1983.0 
investigation of megawatt power level gyrotrons for iter proc . 21st int . conf . on infrared and millimeter waves   & hellip ;   t kimura   jp hogge   r advani   d denison   ke   
heat shock response l nover   1991.0 
â ?? brien ma   oxman ad   davis da   haynes rb   freemantle n   harvey el . audit and feedback : effects on o thomson  cochrane database syst rev    
distributional measures as proxies for semantic relatedness submitted for publication   2005.0 s mohammad   g hirst   
semantics and implementation of schema evolution in oodb j banerjee   w kim   hj kim   hf korth proc . 5th acm sigmod conference on management of data   acm      
patterns in strategy formation 1978.0 h mintzberg management science    
rethinking database system architecture : towards a self-tuning risc-style database architecture s chaudhuri   g weikum proc . of 26 thint . conf . on very large  
structured programming at mcauto ieee computer   ce holmes   
timber : a native xml database for querying xml proc . of acm sigmod international conference on management & hellip ;   s paparizos   s al-khalifa   a chapman   hv jagadish     
engineering modeling and design wl chapman   at bahill   aw wymore 1992.0    
ã cents â ? ¬ å?deforestation and the behavior of households in the dominican republic . ã cents â ? ¬ â ? geography   t sagawe   
a type system for well-founded recursion d dreyer   
a new model for macrocell partitioning s areibi   m thompson seattle   washington : 16th international conference on & hellip ;     2001.0 
automatic induction of rules for e-mail classification j kay   e mccreath   
part-time faculty   quality programs   and economic realities jd haeger  new directions for higher education   1998.0 
syntactic dictionary of polish verbs m swidzinski unpublished manuscript      
tumor response to radiotherapy regulated by endothelial cell apoptosis m garcia-barros   f paris   c cordon-cardo   d lyden   1999.0  md    
branch history table indexing to prevent pipeline bubbles in wide-issue superscalar processors proc . 26th annu . int . symp . microarchitecture   1993.0 ty yeh   yn patt   
it unemployment hits â ?? unprecedentedâ ?? level computerworld   p thibodeau   
multivariate versus univariate decision tree ( technical report 92-8 ) ce brodley   pe utgoff technical report   university of massachusetts at amherst    
an overview and classification of mediated query systems sigmod record   1999.0 r domenig   kr dittrich   
fluid dynamics   reactor computations   and surface representation g birkhoff acm press history series   1990.0 
wavecluster : a multi-resolution clustering approach for very large spatial databases g sheikholeslami   s chatterjee   a zhang vldb   1998.0    
positive active xml s abiteboul   o benjelloun   t milo    
a note on associative processors for data management gg langdon acm transactions on database systems   1978.0 
admission control schemes to provide class-level qos in multiservice networks s kalyanasundaram   ekp chong   nb shroff  computer networks   2001.0 
epi-convergence in distribution and stochastic equi-semicontinuity unpublished manuscript   2003.0 k knight   
interaction between water waves and vegetation   p. 2710â ?? 2723 t asano   h deguchi   n kobayashi proceedings of the 23rd international conference on coastal & hellip ;    
1995 . generalized search trees for database systems proc . 21th int . conf . on very large data jm hellerstein   jf naughton   a pfeer   
the spiritual dimensions of lay ministry programs new directions for adult and continuing education   2000.0 cp zeph   
sensitive or senseless ? the usefulness of social desirability measures for making inferences nd christiansen unpublished manuscript      
learning about planning from success and failure . tj sork  new directions for adult and continuing education   1991.0 
epicentric foundation server 4.0 rv dragan pc magazine   august      
mapping the dimensions of project success aj shenhar   o levy   b dvir  project management journal   1997.0 
woody plants in agro-ecosystems of semi-arid regions : with an emphasis on the sahelian countries h breman   jj kessler 1995.0    
a study of predation and predatory behavior in the pacific starfish   pisaster 1967.0 de landenberger   
rethinking resistance and recognizing ambivalence : a multidimensional view of attitudes toward an sk piderit 2000.0  academy of management review    
proteus : frame-based nonmonotonic inference system acm press frontier series   1989.0 dm russinoff   
pankaj   and s. madria . an algorithm for building user-role profiles in a trust environment e terzi   y zhong   b bhargava data warehousing and knowledge management  
the extent   nature   and response to victimization of emergency nurses in pennsylvania 1991.0 bs mahoney journal of emergency nursing    
a simple invariance principle 2005.0 s chatterjee   
iteration and abstract data types jd eckart acm sigplan notices   1987.0 
theory of parallel and vlsi computation   research seminar series report mit/lcs/rss 8 t leighton   ce leiserson   d kravets   1990.0 
demonstrating a video and audio web c parker   a pang   s pfeiffer proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   2004.0    
thyrotoxic periodic paralysis : a case report and review of the literature-a case series analysis journal of emergency medicine   vrr kodali   b jeffcote   rb clague  1999.0 
stars der innovation ac gmbh   
initiation of sendai virus multiplication from transfected cdna or rna with negative or positive 1996.0 a kato   y sakai   t shioda   t kondo   m nakanishi   y genes to cells    
c.   kuckes   a.   steinig   t. 1993 . the berkom multimedia collaboration service m altenhofen   j dittrich   r hammerschmidt   tk proc . 1st acm conf . on  
communication complexity of document exchange 2000.0 g cormode   m paterson   sc sahinalp   u vishkin proc annu acm siam symp discrete algorithms    
restructuring for large databases : three levels of abstraction sb navathe   jp fry acm transactions on database systems   1976.0    
trigonometric series a zvgmund    
the development of social behavior in the infant rhesus monkey following a period of social 1963.0 rc boelkins   
bringing practical lock-free synchronization to 64-bit applications s doherty   m herlihy   v luchangco   m moir    
a robust multiresolution registration approach s seeger   g hã $ usler    
empirical model-building and response surfaces gep box   nr draper 1987.0    
schemasql : a language for interoperability in multiple relational databases lv lakshmanan   f sadri   in subramanian   1996.0 
performance audit and evaluation : similar tools   different relationships ? c pollitt   h summa new directions for program evaluation    
querying heterogeneous sequence databases in computer networks l tuomimaki msc thesis   department of computer science   university of  
acceptability and impact of zidovudine for prevention of mother-to-child human immunodeficiency m mayaux   j teglas   l mandelbrot journal of emergency medicine   1998.0 
behavior and ecology of the asiatic elephant in southeastern ceylon gm mckay smithsonian contributions to zoology      
algebraic properties of bag data types j albert vldb   1991.0    
expansion of the porous solid na 2 zn 3 [ fe ( cn ) 6 ] 2 â ?? 9h 2 o : enhanced ion-exchange capacity in 1998.0 mv bennett   mp shores   lg beauvais   jr long acc . chem . res    
an amateurã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents s introductionto recursive query processing strategies f bancilhon   r ramakrishnan acm sigmod international conf . on management of  
digital library services in mobile computing b bhargava   m annamalai   e pitoura sigmod record     1995.0 
colored juggling patterns and weighted rook placements r ehrenborg   j haglund   m readdy unpublished    
designing and mining multi-terabyte astronomy archives . acm sigmod intl a szalay   j gray   p kunszt   t thakar  conference on management of data   dallas   texas-may    
two phase locking performance and itâ ?? s thrashing behavior a thomasian acm transactions on database systems   1993.0 
the initial time layer problem and the quasineutral limit in the drift-diffusion model for i gasser   d levermore   p markowich   c schmeiser submitted for publication    
trenã $ tsmodellen : ett systemteoretiskt redskap fã ¶ r att beskriva helhet och komplexitet i pedagogisk g cardell  lã $ rarhã ¶ gsk . i  
dynamic file allocation in disk arrays g weikum   p zabback   p scheuermann proceedings of the 1991 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1991.0    
environmental aspect assessment jf contadini   cv diniz  & hellip ; of the 7th international conference on management of & hellip ;    
astronomy tasks that promote geometrical   contextualized reasoning g solano-flores unpublished manuscript      
a new high efficiency power amplifier for modulated waves wh doherty proc . ire    
b. seeger an evaluation of generic bulk loading techniques j van den bercken proceedings of    
sphere-specific measures of perceived control d paulhus journal of personality and social psychology      
fastsortâ ?? an external sort using parallel processing proc . sigmod   b salzbergâ ? ¦   
sur les liaisons entre les grandeurs al eatoires   '' s bernstein proc . int . cong . of math.   zurich   switzerland    
felling of trees depletes thaneâ ?? s forest cover times of india   bombay   india   march   m ballal   
thinking objectively accomplishing software stability 2002.0 m fayad communications-acm    
wireless resource management using genetic algorithm for mobiles equilibrium computer networks   2001.0 m moustafa   i habib   m naghshineh   
likelihood ratio   score and wald statistics in models with monotone functions : some comparisons submitted for publication   2003.0 m banerjee   ja wellner   
corticosteroids for the prevention and treatment of post-extubation stridor in neonates   children bp markovitz   ag randolph cochrane database syst rev     2000.0 
dimensions of a theory of information flow j du bois   s thompson & hellip ; manuscript   university of california   santa barbara      
life-threatening luminal obstruction due to mucous plugging in chronic tracheostomies : three case bh rowe   j rampton   gw bota  journal of emergency medicine   1996.0 
patches of different types for carotid patch angioplasty c counsell   c warlow   r naylor cochrane database syst rev   2000.0    
fashioning a foundation for the computing profession n holmes    
aspect : a formal specification languagefor detecting bugs d jackson  mit/lcs/tr -543   mit laboratory for computer science   june  
on computing correlated aggregates over continual data streams databases proc . of the 2001 acm sigmod intl. conf . on management of j gehrke   f korn   d srivastava   
spartina workshop record : seattle   washington   november 14-15   1990 tf mumford 1991.0    
super chip is the first to get the cable modem down to size electronic design   p mcgoldrick   
where do the rural elderly obtain their primary care lg hart   ra rosenblatt   dm lishner   h friedman   lm seattle   washington : wwami rural health research center   in  
curative surgery for obstruction from primary left colorectal carcinoma : primary or staged resection cochrane database syst rev   gl de salvo   c gava   s pucciarelli   m lise  2002.0 
similarity measures for automated comparison of in silico and in vitro experimental results gep ropella   da nag   ca hunt   
business implications of web technology d chatterjee   v sambamurthy 1999.0  electronic markets    
attention span   distractibility and inhibitory potential of good and poor readers . rw birch 1967.0    
the settling behavior of marine algal spores d coon   m neushul   ac charters proc . int . seaweed symp      
supercooled liquid   bulk glassy and nanocrystalline states of alloys aa kundig   jf lofller   wl johnson  mrs sym .  
nonlinear dynamics of two types of network with intelligent nodes p de wilde bt technology journal    
pre-operative endometrial thinning agents before hysteroscopic surgery for heavy menstrual bleeding mc sowter   aa singla   a lethaby 2000.0  cochrane database syst rev    
forthcoming urban growth as poverty alleviation in bolivia goâ ?? hare   m barke    
a high level language for structural relations in well-formed nets proc . of 26th int . conf . on application and theory of petri l capra   m de pierro   g franceschinis   
use of chemicals to protect trees from mountain pine beetle attack amman   gene d. camp . proceedings-symposium on the management & hellip ;   pj shea   
linda meets mobility gp picco   al murphy   gc roman proc . of the 21st int . conf . on software engineering ( icse &#39; & hellip ;      
searching for dependencies at multiple abstraction levels t calders   rt ng   j wijsen acm transactions on database systems     2002.0 
experimental astronomy 1996.0 l vanzi   s gennari   m cioni   l testi   
a graph approach to isomorphism testing of 4 - ( 48 ; 5 ;) designs arising from psl ( 2 ; 47 ) s dautovic   dm acketa   v mudrinski   
an extension of sql to support ordered domains in relational databases w ng   m levene    
microsoft windows nt 4.0 security   audit   and control 1998.0 jg jumesâ ? ¦   
expermedia/2 : a multimedia expert system shell for domain experts a hekmatpour proceedings of the second acm international conference on & hellip ;   1994.0    
a low commumcatlons sort algortthm for a parallel database machine ra lone   hc young proc fifteenth vldb   amsterdam    
predicting the number and dimensio ns of key blocks of an excavation using block theory and joint ly chan   re goodman proc of the 28th syrup on rock mechanics   1987.0    
living with xml and relational proc . vldb conference   f manolescu   d florescu   d kossmann   f xhumari   d   
d. ott   fd smith   tuning red for web traffic m chnstiansen   k jeffay  proceedings of acm/sigcomm    
preprints of extended abstract   environmental chemistry division   the 221 thacs national meeting   y lan   c kim   b deng   ec thornton san diego    
wal-mart mines for forecasts computerworld   c stedman   
j. vandenberg . the sdss skyserver : public access to the sloan digital sky server data j gray   a szalay   a thakar   pz zunszt   t malik   j technical report msr-tr-2001-104   microsoft research      
exponential asymptotics for limits of renewal equations and pseudo-stationary phenomena for submitted for publication   m gyllenberg   ds silvestrov   
r. krishnamurthy   and mc shan . query optimization in heterogeneous dbms proceedings of vldb   w du   
and dettinger md   gj mccabe jr   
chromosomal aberrations as a cause of male sub-fertility r lange   w engel fertilit at      
performance/price sort and pennysort j gray   j coates   c nyberg    
j. gray   terraserver : a spatial data warehouse t barclay   rd slutz proceedings of the 2000 acm-sigmod conference      
ka   & lee   c. ( 1990 ) an adaptive data placement scheme for parallel database computer systems proc . pi hua  vldb conf   brisbane  
andd . kossmann . performance tradeoffs for client-server queryprocessing . inproc mj franklin   bt jonsson acm sigmod    
an addition theorem for some extremal functions about finite bases xd jia   1993.0 
creating competitive advantage : forest policy as industrial policy in chile . 1995.0 ra clapp economic geography    
seqhound : biological sequence and structure database as a platform for bioinformatics research t authors   
the space of embedded minimal surfaces of fixed genus in a 3-manifold iv ; planar domains th colding   wpm ii to  
state-of-the-art in stochastic joint geometry modeling . p kulatilake proc 29th us symp on rock mech   rotterdam : balkema      
formative and summative evaluation : parody or paradox new directions for teaching and learning   ja centra  1987.0 
reducing the peak-toâ ?? average power ratio of schemes by selective scrambling [ j ] rw bauml   rfh fischer   jb huber electronic letters      
dividend initiations and earnings surprises ml lipson   cp maquieira   w megginson   
secure and portable database extensibility sigmod record   1998.0 m godfrey   t mayr   p seshadri   t von eicken   
per-flow qos support over a stateless diffserv domain g bianchi   n blefari-melazzi   m femminella computer networks      
normalization in oodb design 1995.0 bs lee acm sigmod record    
on the structure of a random tournament with a given score sequence z gao   bd mckay   x wang    
waveguide dammann gratings and kinoforms ( abstract only ) j saarinen   j huttunen   a vasara   j turunen   a oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;     1991.0 
performance prediction of parallel processing systems : the pamela methodology ajc van gemund   
time to split   virtually : ` discourse architecture'and ` community building ` create vibrant virtual electronic markets   q jones  2000.0 
glucagon and liver glycogen metabolism glucagon i   w stalmans   
open oodb : a modular object-oriented dbms s ford   ja blakeley   tj bannon proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;     1993.0 
inside directx ( microsoft programming series ) b bargen   tp donnelly  1998.0 
the dos projectâ ?? s â ?? trinooâ ?? distributed denial of service attack tool d dittrich & hellip ; of washington . seattle   washington   usa . [ online ] . available & hellip ;   1999.0 
grief counseling and grief therapy jw worden    
my cat is object-oriented r king acm press frontier series     1989.0 
gaby alan r : nutrltional therapy for the 1990â ?? s   und gaby alan r und wright   jonathan v : jv wright    
a crime prevention wrap-up : concluding comments on specific crime issues r fossey   mc smith new directions for higher education   1996.0    
combustion characteristics of compressed natural gas/diesel dual-fuel turbocharged compressed l shenghua   z longbao   w ziyan   r jiang   
delta-4   a generic architecture for dependable distributed computing d powell   1991.0 
a prospective multicenter trial testing the scoti device for confirmation of endotracheal tube journal of emergency medicine   2001.0 j li   
gaze behavior of talking faces makes a difference . proc . acm-chi d heylen   i van es   b van dijk   a nijholt   
121 or 122 biology 120   121 or 122 ; calculus 120   chemistry 121 or 122   french 121 or 122 nb english   
secure andportabledatabaseextensibility proc . acm sigmod m godfrey   t mayr   p seshadri   t von eicken   
association prosodie-syntaxe : validation par synthã ¨ se p martin proceedings of the 22nd journees dâ ?? ã ? sur la parole      
weak compactness of level sets of integral functionals rt rockafellar  proceedings of troisieme colloque d &#39; analyse fonctionelle ( & hellip ;    
optimization of extended database query languages t seuis   l shapiro acm sigmod international conference on the management of  
adjunct faculty in the community college : realities and challenges ba wyles  new directions for higher education   1998.0 
nistir 6376   national institute of standards and technology   100 bureau drive   gaithersburg md   mj donahue   dg porter   
efficient incremental garbage collection for workstation/server database systems l amsaleg   
metallization of bacterial surface layer by cross-beam pulsed laser deposition w pompe   m mertig   r kirsch   aa gorbunov   a sewing proceedings of spie     1996.0 
the design of a mechanical assembly system tl perez  technical report   massachusetts institut of technology    
domain data typing d livingstone  information and software technology   1995.0 
refining the level for anticipated hepatotoxicity in acetaminophen poisoning el brandwene   sr williams   c tunget-johnson   sg 1996.0  journal of emergency medicine    
colonization patterns by the bacterial flora of young pigs c pijoan   m torremorell   g solano proc . 28th annual meeting aasp   quebec city   canada      
the role of information systems in informationâ ?? level security management c lueg   
multiâ ?? level transaction mangement for complex objects : implementation g weikum   c hasse  performance   parallelism   to appear in : vldb journal    
database repairing using updates jef wijsen acm transactions on database systems     2005.0 
exceptions in sgml document grammars submitted for publication   p kilpelainen   d wood   
time domain investigations of trapatt diode oscillator circuits 1976.0 ml ryken jr ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.    
teaching from notes : some cognitive consequences . rs day  new directions for teaching and learning : learning   & hellip ;    
the marian   czech repulic m kominek struct . engrg . int . zurich .  
an enhanced realtime multitasking basic interpreter . pp dasiewicz information and software technology     1988.0 
e-cient incremental garbage collection for client server object database systems   in â ?? vldb95â ?? l amsaleg   m franklin   o gruber zurich   switzerland      
time series characterisation schemes for the modified probabilistic neural network a zaknich   c desilva   y attikiouzel & hellip ; journal of intelligent information processing systems ( & hellip ;      
marylandâ ?? s forests : a health report . maryland department of natural resourcesâ ?? forest service   md   ec schwaab   l alban   j riley   r rabaglia   ke   
sizing buffer strips to maintain water quality jm broderson  1973.0 
the canonical almost complex structure on the manifold of 1-jets of pseudo-holomorphic mappings appendix p gauduchon   
improving sna response time . k gell 1982.0  computerworld.    
data modelling versus ontology engineering   acm sigmod studer   r.   vr benjamins   et al. ( 1998 ) . '' p spyns   r meersmanâ ? ¦ data and knowledge engineering    
a single glycosylation site within the receptor-binding domain of the avian sarcoma/leukosis virus se delos   mj burdick   jm white 2002.0  virology-new york -    
r-trees : a dynamic index for geometric data a guttman  proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
large shareholders of banks : shareholder activism and the impact of the regulatory environment ka kim   sg rhee  unpublished manuscript    
touch and goâ ?? designing haptic feedback for a hand-held mobile device so ` modhrain 2004.0  bt technology journal    
the at most k-deep factor tree j allali   mf sagot submitted for publication     2003.0 
evidence for participation of vicinal dithiols in the activation sequence of the respiratory burst h kutsumi   k kawai   k rokutan    
digital illusion   virtual reality   and cinema dj sandin  acm press siggraph series   1998.0 
kalchasâ ?? dynamic xml search engine r kaae   t nguyen   d nã ¸ rgaard 2005.0  proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;    
improving business process quality through exception understanding   prediction   and prevention f casati   u dayal   d grigori   mc shan  procs . of  
eboul and p. kanellakis . object identity as a query language primitive s abit  proc . acm   sigmod cnnf . on management of  
m.   l. : â ?? birch : an efficient data clustering method for very large databasesâ ?? proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data ( sigmodâ ?? t zhang   r ramakrishnan   
finite element method for elliptic problems with stochastic data submitted for c schwab   ra todor   
parenting and child outcome measures in the new chance 42-month survey d polit  unpublished manuscript   1996.0 
â ?? specifying and modeling computer security ieee computer   j mclean   
biopython : python tools for computational biology b chapman    
repacking on demand for speed-sensitive channel assignment 2005.0 hm tsai   ac pang   yc lin   yb lin   hm tsai   ac pang computer networks    
dehydrogenase enzyme histochemistry on freezedried or fixed resin-embedded tissue 1988.0 gi murray   md burke   swb ewen the histochemical journal    
finitely additive measures on virtual polyhedra ( russian ) ag khovanskii   av pukhlikov algebra i analiz    
nuclear reactions with heavy ions r bass   1980.0 
knowledge management : ready for prime time ? g lawton    
bulk amorphous alloys : practical characteristics and applications   vol . 6 of materials science 1999.0 a inoue   
formal definition of mappings in a data base proceedings of the 1977 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   1977.0 p paolini   g pelagatti   
284 . section 214 of the criminal code contains a similar provision . under both codes   conviction for p code    
modele de prediction du deuxieme formant effectif f2â ?? â ?? applicationa lâ ?? ã © de la labialite des proceedings of the 15th journees dâ ?? ã © sur la parole   m mantakas   j schwartz   p escudier   
storage and management of similar images j. braz . comp . soc   g jomier   m manouvrier   m rukoz  2000.0 
on the real neuronal ensernbles formed during the activity of cerebral shielding structures neirofiziologiya   i   ab kogan   
heterotopic heart transplantation in the rat receiving fk-506 alone or with cyclosporine n murase   s todo   ph lee   hs lai   f chapman   ma transplant    
technology and economy of blending and mixing . the best of bulk solids handling : stacking   blending trans tech publications   zurich   switzerland   at zador   
parallel blackboard system . k decker   a garvey   m humphrey   v lesser university of massachusetts technical report      
review of japanese web sites for chinese history electronic library   kw fan  2003.0 
blocks of tame representation type and related algebras k erdmann   1990.0 
incognito : efficient fulldomain k-anonymity 2005.0 k lefevre   d dewitt   r ramakrishnan proceedings of the 2005 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
an evanescent field optical microscope f de fornel   jp goudonnet   l salomon   e lesniewska proc . spie   1989.0    
congenital long-qt syndrome : a case report illustrating diagnostic pitfalls1 p salen   v nadkarni 1999.0  journal of emergency medicine    
parallel evaluation of recursive rule queries sc ck   p kanellakis  proceedings of the fifth acm sigact-sigmod symposium on  
syphilis testing 2000.0 b clyne   da jerrard journal of emergency medicine    
similarity-based queries for sequences data d rafiei   a mendelzon  proc . of the acm sigmod conference on management of data (  
system v enhanced . computerworld.   j gallant  1984.0 
crystal-chemistry aspect of radiation resistance of nonmetallic materials vm kosenkov   sa vorobâ ?? ev at .    
characteristics of heavy metal release from incineration ash   melted slag and their re-product international conference in sludge management   m ozaki   h watanabe   b wieusch   
widening the net : workshop report on the theory and practice of physical and network communities 1997.0 s whittaker   e isaacs   vo ` day acm sigchi bulletin    
grid-graph partitioning ww donaldson  2000.0 
efficient model checking using tabled resolution ys ramakrishna   cr ramakrishnan   iv ramakrishnan   lecture notes in computer science   1997.0 
oã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents neil   and g. weikum   ã cents â ? ¬ å?the lru-k page replacement algorithm for database disk ej oã cents proceedings of international conference on management of & hellip ;    
rowohlt verlag   1990 mfh hamm   
complex objects andtnew ... . use in design transactions proceedings o [ 1983 acm sigmod conference   engineering r lorie   w plouffe   
h for nonlinear stochastic systems n berman   u shaked proc . 29th conf . mechanical  
gifted children : myths and realities . 1996.0 e winner   
liberal education and professional programs : conflict   coexistence   or compatibility ? . new directions for higher education   1987.0 j stark   
or j onsson   michael j. franklin   and divesh srivastava . interaction of query evaluation and buer th bjorn   1998.0 
jump-preserving sequential monitoring of dependent time series under local alternatives a steland  2003.0 
interannual variability of carbon dioxide and water vapor fluxes above a boreal aspen forest z chen proceedings of the 23rd conference on agricultural and & hellip ;      
health maintenance organizations : dimensions of performance hs luft    
a method of ica in time-frequency domain s ikeda   n murata proc . ica      
the interaction between sigmas   the stationary phase sigma factor   and the core enzyme of genes to cells   2002.0 f colland   n fujita   a ishihama   a kolb   
development of high-power tunable sources in the 12 micrometers and 16 micrometers regions b lax  1976.0 
xml data management : go native or spruce up relational systems ? 2001.0 pa larson sigmod record    
regular rewriting of active xml and unambiguity s abiteboul   t milo   o benjelloun   
some complex constructions with applications to poincare series r froberg seminaire dâ ?? algebre paul dubreil   proceedings   paris  
marketing realities in continuing professional education rf craven   mb duhamel 2000.0  new directions for adult and continuing education    
natural and synthesized aggressive sounds as polar bear repellents dr wooldridge   p belton  international conference on bear resource management    
changes in serum progesterone levels and growth of fetuses in hokkaido brown bears t tsubota   y takahashi   h kanagawa international conference on bear research and management    
system description : spass version 1.0 . 0 1999.0 c weidenbach   b afshordel   u brahm   c cohrs   t lecture notes in computer science    
biologische psychologie n birbaumer   rf schmidt    
client-site query extensions t mayr   p seshadri  sigmod conference   1999.0 
a sophisticate 's introduction to database normalization theory c beeri   pa bernstein   n goodman 1978.0  vldb    
parallel simulation of stochastic and colored petri nets submitted for c burdorf   
similarity search in high dimensional via hashing a gionis   p indyk   r motwani proceedings of the 25th international conference on very & hellip ;    
or through the letters rogatory process a agreements    
education for survival in a multicultural world . social studies and the young learner   ja banks  1989.0 
using skin conductivity to detect emotionally significant events in human-computer interaction rd ward   ph marsden   b cahill   c johnson procs ihm-hci2001   ii    
long range interaction of cis-dna elements mediated by architectural transcription factor bach1 c yoshida   f tokumasu   ki hohmura   j bungert   n genes to cells     1999.0 
neo-realism in international relations international studies-bombay then new delhi -   s chatterjee  1997.0 
future strategies for control of bovine tuberculosis b buddle proceedings of the 23rd seminar of the sheep and beef cattle & hellip ;    
day three versus day two embryo transfer following in vitro fertilization or intracytoplasmic sperm c oatway   j gunby   s daya  cochrane database syst rev   2004.0 
regional patterns of fertility transition in botswana c vanderpost geography      
the classification of anxiety disorders dh barlow see tischler    
aliasing reduction in sub-bands of cascaded filter banks with decimation electronic letters   1992.0 b edler   
heavy metal loadings from animal manures to agricultural land in england and wales bj chambers   fa nicholson   dr soloman   rj unwin   
a retrieval technique for similar shapes 1991.0 hv jagadish proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data    
interaction of u-box-type ubiquitin-protein ligases ( e3s ) with molecular chaperones s hatakeyama   m matsumoto   m yada   ki nakayama genes to cells     2004.0 
avulsion fracture of tendon of extensor carpi radialis longus : unknown mechanism kk jessa   jc hodge journal of emergency medicine   1997.0    
the siamang in malaya : a field study of a primate in tropical rain forest dj chivers  contributions to primatology   1974.0 
zhang   hf ; chatterjee   a. k rr brooks   j holzbecher   de ryan at . spectrosc    
gravitation and spacetime ch ohanian    
air traffic control complete 1997.0 jj godfrey   
x-ray astronomy experiments from sounding rockets s rappaport  1987.0 
opportunities in semantic web and enterprises i sigmod record   2002.0 a sheth   r meersman   w grosky   m uschold   
g. graefe . experiences bulding the open oodb query optimizer ja gm931   wjmk blakeley  proceedings of the acm sigmod conf on management of data   & hellip ;    
an evaluation of generic bulk loading techniques 2001.0 j den bercken   b seeger proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
object and rle management m the exodus extensible database system cmj carey   dj dewltt   je i & ha & on   ej shelata proceedmgs of 1986 vldb conference    
astronomy & astrophysics l decin   b vandenbussche   c waelkensâ ? ¦   2001.0 
logic verification using binary decision diagrams in a logic synthesis environment s malik   ar wang   rk brayton   a sangiovanni -   
abstract interpretation p cousot acm computing surveys ( csur )   1996.0 
the next 10 000 ~ 2 years : part ii t lewis  ieee computer    
1.0 : userâ ?? s manual ck simulator   1995.0 
analytical processing of xml documents : opportunities and challenges rr bordawekar   ca lang sigmod record   2005.0 
the culture of narcissism c lasch    
fundamental limits and tradeoffs of providing deterministic guarantees to vbr video trac 1995.0 ew knightly   d wrege   j liebeherr   h zhang proceedings of acm sigmetrics    
data from the drug abuse warning network a data  series i   number    
a ( 1994 ) : automated grading assistance for student programs ( panel presentation ) dg kay   pc isaacson   ta scott   k reek proceedings of the 25 thsigcse technical    
divergence between archival and perceptual measures of the environment : causes and consequences bk boyd   gg dess   ama rasheed the academy of management review   1993.0    
culture : coherent or incoherent nj smelser see ref    
shape contexts enable efficient retrieval of similar shapes g mori   s belongie   j malik    
service level agreements : keeping a rein on expectations proceedings of the 23rd annual acm siguccs conference on & hellip ;   1995.0 j hathaway   
osteosarcoma from intravenous beryllium compounds in rabbits lu gardner   hf heslington fed proc      
a graph-oriented object model fro database end-user interfaces   '' m gyssens   j paredaens   d van gucht  proceedings of the acm-sigmod conf . on management of data    
linear prediction - a tutorial review ( time series signal analysis ) ieee   proceedings   j makhoul  1975.0 
poisoning of hydrogen dissociation at pd ( 100 ) by adsorbed sulfur studied by ab initio quantum a gross   cm wei   m scheffler   
knowledge sharing over p2p knowledge networks : a peer ontology and semantic overlay driven approach ssr abidi   x pang   
hot mix asphalt materials   mixture design   and construction   napa research and education foundation   fl roberts   ps kandhal   er brown   dy lee   tw md    
the wisdom of teams : creating the high-performance organization jr katzenbach   dk smith   
concepts and capabilitiesof a databasecomputer j banerjee   ri baum   dk hsiao   k kannan acm transactions on database systems    
enhancing the competitiveness of small and medium-sized tourism enterprises electronic markets   d buhalis   
sex typing and the avoidance of cross-sex behavior sl bem   e lenney journal of personality and social psychology     1976.0 
bayesian inference for non-gaussian ornstein-uhlenbeck stochastic volatility processes p dellaportas   o papaspiliopoulos   go roberts  submitted for publication    
on computing correlated aggregates over continuous data streams j gehrke   f korn   d srivastava   
the case for enhanced abstract data types praveen seshadri p sesshadri   m livny   r ramakrishnan   
physiological ecology of the alpine timberline : tree existence at high altitudes with special 1979.0 w tranquillini   
timber : a native system for querying xml proceedings of the 2003 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   2003.0 s paparizos   
seqhound biological sequence database system as a platform for bioinformatics research k michalikova   gd bader   m dumontier   r isserlin      
musicality and music before three : human vitality and invention shared with pride c trevarthen   s malloch zero to three      
guide to the rapide 1.0 langauage reference manuals d luckhman  technical report   stanford university   http : anna . stanford .  
pig alpha 1   3galactosyltransferase : sequence of a full-length cdna clone   chromosomal localisation transplant proc   km strahan   f gu   l andersson   k gustafsson  1995.0 
benign course after massive ingestion of yohimbine k friesen   w palatnick   m tenenbein journal of emergency medicine     1993.0 
a grammar-based approach towards unifying hierarchical data models proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   m gyssens   j paredaens   d van gucht  1989.0 
stochastic decision processes : theory   computation   and estimation   manuscript j rust university of wisconsin      
morphologic findings in baseline kidney biopsies from living related donors g nyberg   l hedman   i blohme   c svalander transplant proc   1992.0    
logic agents   dialogues and negotiation : an abductive approach f sadri   f toni   p torroni  proceedings  
new zealand 's scenic rivers . a study in resource use . ge jones    
developing operation senses as a foundation for algebra i d schifter  unpublished manuscript   1998.0 
towards a symbolic-level force feedback : recognition of assembly sequence states h asada   s hirai proc . int . symp . robotics res      
dialysate and substitution fluids for patients treated by continuous forms of renal replacement 2001.0 a davenport contributions to nephrology    
endometrial resection and ablation versus hysterectomy for heavy menstrual bleeding cochrane database syst rev   a lethaby   s shepperd   i cooke   c farquhar  2000.0 
newsday   29 august 1990 ; 3 january 1991 k royce    
an extension to the cyclomatic measure of program complexity acm sigplan notices   1977.0 gj myers   
in quest of insectresistant forest trees hd gerhold  see ref    
issues and approaches to design of real-time database systems sigmod record   1988.0 m singhal   
living related liver transplantation : 36 cases at the university of hamburg m malago   x rogiers   m burdelski   ce broelsch transplantation proceedings   1994.0    
approximating p-complete problems rj anderson   ew mayr technical report   stanford university      
study of native xml database systems cs report    
brownfields redevelopment : programs and strategies for rehabilitating contaminated real estate . ms dennison md    
improving lectures by understanding studentsâ ?? information processing w mckeachie new directions for teaching and learning : no. 2 . learning   & hellip ;    
the hydrodynamics of the mixing chambers of a nuclear power plant at . an opanasenko   nn shan ` gin   
accelerated living r kurzweil pc  
s-parameter measurements in the time domain r tkadlec   
ramakrishnan r. : an amateurâ ?? s introduction to recursive query processing strategies f bancihhon acm sigmod    
the dimensions   antecedents   and consequences of emotional labor ja morris   dc feldman the academy of management review   1996.0 
technology assessment : technology viable to keep â ?? take-homeâ ?? food warm for 30 minutes by neal c sand   2003.0 
normalization in oodb design sl byung  acm sigmod record-1999-24  
heuristically enhanced optimal control a guez  proc . ieee conf . on decisionand control   athens   greece    
trees from glue : chemical biogeography of nasute termites bl bentley   gd prestwieh   t gush see ref    
heterotopic liver transplantation in end-stage hbsag-positive cirrhosis d houssin   d franco   p berthelot   h bismuth lancet i     1980.0 
matos 87 g. ã?zsoyoä?lu   zm ã?zsoyoä?lu   v. matos   extending relational algebra and relational o ozsoyoglu acm transactions on database systems ( tods )    
a foundation for multidimensional databases   vldbâ ?? 97 m gyssens   lvs lakshmanan proceedings of 23rd international conference on very large & hellip ;      
improved estimation   evaluation and applications of confidence measures for speech recognition m siu   h gish   f richardson  proc . eurospeech    
dissociating evidence-based and intuition-based self-knowledge : an fmri study md lieberman   jm jarcho   ab satpute submitted for publication      
manufactured vulnerability : eco-activist tactics in britain b doherty mobilization-san diego -   1999.0 
object-relational databases on the www : design and implementation m paskin   p seshadri submmited to acm  
prediction of intron splice sites in arabidopsis thaliana by combining local and global sequence s hebsgaard   p korning   j engelbrecht   p rouze   s 1996.0    
development of the linc ce molnar   wa clark acm press history series   1990.0    
design metrics for database systems bt technology journal   rhm gray   bn carey   na mcglynn   ad pengelly   
analysis of accelerograms of the patrasâ ?? seismic sequence ( 14 july 1993 ) recorded at national gn stavrakakis   is kalogeras   jk drakopoulos  proc . of esc xxiv general assembly   athens   greece    
adaptive backtrace and dynamic partitioning enhance atpg a lioy proc . int . conf . computer design    
optimal load sharing in soft real-time systems : an on-iine algorithm using likelihood ratio ekp chong   pj ramadge proc . 29th ieee conf . on decision and control    
scheduling support for multicasting sessions in broadband communication networks kh sheta   m singhal computer networks   1999.0 
developing adaptive internet based courses with the authoring system netcoach 2002.0 g weber   hc kuhl   s weibelzahl lecture notes in computer science    
investigative strategy in international technical assistance projects new directions for program evaluation   1992.0 dw chapman   
international reference ionosphere 1990   rep. nssdc 90-22   natl. space sci . data cent.   greenbelt d bilitza md      
arc : an integrated admission and rate control framework for cdma data networks based on non - proceedings of acm mobicom   h lin   m chatterjee   sk das   k basu  2003.0 
the integration and training of arbitrary-order hmms ja du preez   dm weber & hellip ; journal on intelligent information processing systems ( & hellip ;      
differential qos and pricing in networks : where flow control meets game theory pb key   dr mcauley iee proceedings software   1999.0    
development of large high-performance lenses for astronomical spectrographs 1998.0 hw epps proc . spie    
the basic building blocks for modeling communication behavior of complex objects : an activity-driven l liu   r meersman acm transactions on database systems    
hysteresis current-forced three phase voltage-sourced reversible rectifier 1989.0 aw green   jt boys iee proceedings    
organizations in transition : opportunities and challenges for evaluation 1991.0 cl larson   h preskillâ ? ¦ new directions for program evaluation    
wavecluster : a multi-resolution clustering approach for very large spatial databases o shmueli   j widom   g sheikholeslami   s chatterjee & hellip ; - fourth international conference on very-large databases      
schemasql-a language for interoperability in relational multi-database systems vldb   lvs lakshmanan  1996.0 
a development in cockpit geometry evaluation [ r ] lf hickey   we springer  seattle   washington : the boeing company   november    
object identity as a query primitive s abiteboul   p kanellakis proceedings of the international conference on management of & hellip ;      
a relational model of data for large shared data banks ef cooo  commun . acm    
s ~ quin   ch a vlsi risc d patterson   ch sequin ieee computer    
on visible surface determination by a priori tree structures h fuchs   zm kedem   bf naylor computer graphics ( proc . acm siggraph conf . )    
time-critical data transmission in the foundation fieldbus procs . of ieee international symposium on industrial & hellip ;   hh seung   dj byung   
n.   colbrook   a. and w. weihl . proteus : a high-performance parallel-architecture simulator ed brewer technical report mit/lcs/tr -516   massachusetts institute of  
workgroup computing : group enabled r ayre   bz gottesman pc magazine    
learning about world cultures through folktales . cj fuhler   pj farris   l hatch  social studies and the young learner   1998.0 
the regional distribution of ventilation in obstructive and restrictive disease ms skorodin   nj gross   w druz   ga gergauz   tj milo  demonstration  
brother blue-the portrait series w lehrer   1995.0 
patterns of injury in pediatric patients in one florida community and implications for prevention journal of emergency nursing   1995.0 v martin   b langley   s coffman   
resource management in large distributed systems a goscinski   m bearman    
typed compilation of recursive datatypes jc vanderwaart   d dreyer   l petersen   k crary   r   
effects of interviewer behavior on childrenâ ?? s statements of sexual abuse ra craig  unpublished manuscript    
rethinking reengineering r cafasso  computerworld    
artificial intelligence meets natural stupidity d mcdermott acm sigart bulletin   1976.0    
some roots of clinical decision making lb lusted  acm press history series   1990.0 
lsi/vlsi building blocks jr tobias  ieee computer    
time series similarity measures and time series indexing d gunopulos   g das 2001.0  proceedings of the 2001 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
functional and predictive programming in oodb 's c beeri   t milo proceedings of the eleventh acm sigact-sigmod-sigart & hellip ;   1992.0    
contribution of the delta resonance to the gamow-teller decay of heavy nuclei ( abstract only ) j suhonen 1991.0  proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the finnish & hellip ;    
designing and mining multi-terabyte astronomy as szalay   p kunszt   a thakar   j gray   d slutz   rj   
on clustering video shots cw ngo   tc pong   hj zhang  proc . acm multimedia    
some host/parasite relationships between norway spruce ( picea abies ) and fomes annosus l dimitri see ref    
a database design for musical infomation wb rubenstem   
the rebound sorter : an efficient sort engine for large files tc chen   vy lum   c tung 1978.0  vldb    
a parallel implementation of smith-waterman sequence comparison algorithm bhw yang    
database systems management and oracle8 1998.0 cg doherty sigmod conference    
answering xml queries over heterogeneous data sources i manolescu proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2001.0    
a data modeling tool where associations come alive bk ehlmann  proc . 21st iasted int &#39; l conf . modelling   identification   and & hellip ;    
the influence of random delays on parallel execution times vsamk vernon  proc . 1993 acm sigmetrics &#39; 93    
distributed stochastic simulation and amdalhâ ?? s law 1998.0 k pawlikowski   d mcnickle   
human resource development as adult education : fostering the educative workplace jm dirkx new directions for adult and continuing education   1996.0 
object identity as a query language proceedings of the 1989 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   s abiteboul   pc kanellakis   
there 's more to menu systems than meets the screen portal.acm.org    
compressed vliw meets multi-media 1995.0 p clarke electronic engineering    
time to die : the coming destruction of american health care k hopkins  unpublished  
computation tree logic ctl * and path quantifiers in the monadic theory of the binary tree   icalp87 . t hafer   w thomas proc . 3rd acm symp .    
aspect and aktionsart in child mandarin l ping  unpublished manuscript    
a benchmark for xml data management vldb a schmidt   f waas   m kersten   m carey   i manolescu   
a mean value performance model for locking in databases : the waiting case yc tay   r suri   n goodman proceedings of the 3rd acm sigact-sigmod symposium on & hellip ;   1984.0    
flash : an efficient and portable web server   1998 vs pai   p druschel   w zwaenepoel submitted for  
optimal focussing of scalar fields subject to arbitrary upper bounds electronic t isernia   g panariello   
anda . pfeffer   generalizedsearchtreesfordatabase systems . in proc j hellerstein   j naughton 21st intl conference on very large databases   zurich   & hellip ;    
conditional price trends in the aftermarket for initial public offerings j affleck-graves   s hegde   re miller    
time series classification using gaussian mixture models of reconstructed phase spaces ugm models ieee transactions on knowledge and data engineering   2004.0    
three rivers press dt gordon   
a performance evaluation of pointerbased joins es sc901   mj carey proc . of the acm sigmod intl. ccmf :      
leap : the educational effects of leap and enhanced services in cleveland : ohio 's learning   earning   d long 1994.0    
primary producers v alexander   dw stanley   rj daley   cp mcroy  see ref    
from selective to adaptive education through human services . ha korn new directions for higher education     1973.0 
implementation of an 8-bit microcontroller with system c l kesen   2004.0 
galaxy-ii : a reference architecture for conversational system development s seneff   e hurley    
science of design for information systems r ramakrishnanâ ? ¦ acm sigmod record      
the lsd tree : spatial access to multidimensional point-and non-point-objects   15th int a henrich   hw six   p widmayer conf . on very large data bases    
sâ ? spatialstats   version 1.0 i mathsoft   1996.0 
prevention versus treatment for malaria in pregnant women p garner   am gulmezoglu 2000.0  cochrane database syst rev    
cautious controller tuning rr bitmead   bdo anderson   m gevers   lc kammer submitted for publication    
a primer in petri net design w reisig 1992.0    
backward { forward stochastic differential equations and stochastic games s hamadene    
performance evaluation of prioritized scheduling with buffer management for differentiated services ae kamal   hs hassanein computer networks   2004.0 
an object oriented design data manager for vlsi cad a singhal   rm arlein   cy lo 1993.0  sigmod record    
stochastic models   estimation and control   vol . 1 ps maybeck   
rudimentary determinants of attitudes . ii : arm flexion and extension have differential effects on jt cacioppo   jr priester   gg berntson journal of personality and social psychology   1993.0 
growth rates and genetic parameters of loblolly pine in southern brazil proceedings of the 25 thbiennial southern forest tree & hellip ;   gr hodge   d chaves   am moreira   
glonass/gps time transfer and the problem of the determination of receiver delays proc . 29th ptti   g de jong   w lewandowski   
structured systems analysis and design method ( ssadm ) . cm ashworth information and software technology     1988.0 
high-performance generalized search trees m kornacker vldb   sept      
datapath and compiler integration of coarse-grain reconfigurable xpp-arrays into pipelined risc proceedings of ifip international conference on very large & hellip ;   j becker   a thomas   m scheer   
superfluid interfaces in liquid he-3 : superconducting cosmic domain walls in the laboratory ( abstract oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0 mm salomaa   
the spectral analysis of time series lh koopmans  1974.0 
teaching about native americans . social studies and the young learner   k harvey  1992.0 
query optimization in heterogeneous databases w du   r krishnamurthy   m shan proc . vldb conference   vancouver    
parallel mining algorithms for generalized association rules with classification t shintani   m kitsuregawa proceedings of the 1998 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;      
goâ `` sele   u.   and mughrabi   h.   1981 u essmann  phil .  
design of distributd real-time systems p verãssimo   h kopetz  acm press frontier series   1993.0 
multi-resolution brain model in multimedia environment j pan   lk fock   wl nowinski   de dow   h huan teh 1997.0  proceedings of the fourth acm international conference on & hellip ;    
kenneth eble on writing in college : ahead of his time . new directions for teaching and learning   1990.0 wj mccleary   
dynamic reference sifting : a case study in the homepage domain www6 / computer networks   1997.0 j shakes   m langheinrich   o etzioni   
a user challenges value of subsecond response time lj kosmatka computerworld      
stress levels jump ; it burnout feared t ouellette computerworld    
hormone replacement therapy decreases markers of cartilage and bone metabolism in rheumatoid h forsblad dâ ?? elia   s christgau   lã ? mattsson   t   
of xml and databases : where 's the beef ? 2000.0 m carey sigmod record    
multhocal motor neuropathy : response to human immune globulin v chaudhry   m corse   rw kuncl   b drachman   l   
important skills for taiwanese hospitality and tourism graduates as perceived by hospitality yw lu 1999.0    
0 . ) and smith   bl   1960 go jones phil . mag      
ten easy pieces : assessing higher learning in four dimensions . 1991.0 ta angelo new directions for teaching and learning    
extensible database management systems mj carey   lm haas sigmod record     1990.0 
association of apolipoprotein b gene variants with plasma apob and ldl cholesterol levels s deeb   a failor   bg brown   j brunzell   j albers     1990.0 
the sdss skyserverâ ?? public access to the sloan digital sky server data . acm sigmod 2002 as szalay   j gray   ar thakar   pz kunszt   t malik   2001.0    
night-vision equipment   reproductive biology   and nocturnal behavior : importance to studies of pd lingren   jr raulston   tj henneberry   an sparks  see ref    
design knowledge and design rational : a framework for representation   capture and use stanford university   technical report ksl 90-45   tg gruber   m russell   
high-spin states in cd-109 ( abstract only ) oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   s juutinen   p ahonen   j hattula   r julin   j  1991.0 
j. vandenberg   p. kunszt   c. stoughton   â ?? data mining the sdss skyserver database   â ?? microsoft technical report msr-tr-2002-01   jan. . j gray   d slutz   a szalay   a thakar   
a developmentally regulated microsomal protein specific for the pigment epithelium of the vertebrate cp hamel   e tsilou   e harris   ba pfeffer   jj hooks 1993.0  md    
yuqing wu . t imber : a native xml database hv jagadish   s al-khalifa   l lakshmanan   a nierman & hellip ; of michigan   april 2002 . http://www . eecs . umich .  
marking time : predictable transitions in task groups cjg gersick  the academy of management journal   1989.0 
using multiversion data for non-interfering executionof write-only transactions d agrawal   v krishnamurthy  proceedingof the acm sigmod  
optimal axes for defining the orientations of shapes d shen   hhs ip electronic letters   1996.0 
data modelling versus ontology engineering p spyns   r meersman sigmod record     2002.0 
alphasort : a risc machine sort proceedings of the 1994 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   c nyberg   t barclay   z cvetanovic   j gray   d lomet  1994.0 
compiled-directed data prefetching in multiprocessors with memory hierarchy procs . of 17th isca   eh gornish   ed granston   av veidenbaum   
pegasus architecture and design principles mc shan 1993.0  proceedings of the 1993 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
discriminative sum types locate the source of type errors m neubauer   p thiemann   
an extension of the theorem of the virial ea milne phil . mag    
substitution of doctors by nurses in primary care m laurant   d reeves   r hermens   j braspenning   r cochrane database syst rev   2005.0    
answering xml queries on heterogeneous data sources [ c ] proceedings of the vldb conference   rome   m ioana   f daniela   k donald   
urban and rural classification . usc bureau    
an implementation of gem supportingasemanticdatamodelonarelational back-end s tsur   c zaniolo  proceedings sigmod conference   boston   massachusetts    
using model checking to validate ai planner domain models j penix   c pecheur   k havelund   
genomic survey of two-component regulatory systems putatively involved in peptide pheromone mediated j nakayama   adl akkermans   wm de vos  2002.0 
a multi-access technique for broadband wireless local networks computer networks   1999.0 b bing   r subramanian   
personal communication j klott  blm jarbidge resource area    
management of blood transfusion services   1990 sf hollã ¡ n   w wagstaff   j leikola   f lothe   
concepts and capabihties of a database computer j banerjee   dk hsiao  acm trans . database syst    
performance evaluation of an adaptive and robust load control method for the avoidance of data -   g weikum   
patterns of activity-induced pathology in a canadian eskimo isolate . cf merbs   1970.0 
oi trois tantoties tis ellenikis oikogenias ( the three faces of the greek family ) athens   greece : kedros   c katakis   
corpus-based learning in stochastic ot-lfgâ ?? experiments with a bidirectional bootstrapping approach j kuhn   
pahlavi yasna and visperad 1949.0 ebn dhabhar   
a presidentâ ?? s view of the 1990â ?? s k mortimer   s edwards new directions for higher education     1990.0 
index interpolation : an approach to subsequence matching supporting normalization transform in time - wk loh   sw kim   
social perception and interpersonal behavior : on the self-fulfilling nature of social stereotypes m snyder   ed tanke   e berscheid journal of personality and social psychology      
achieving civic competence through a draft writing process social studies and the young learner   1997.0 np gallavan   
precipitation efficiency within a tropical squall line observed during ` copt 81 ' experiment d hauser   p amayenc   m chong  conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland   1984.0 
improving business process quality through exception understanding   prediction   and prevention d grigori 2001.0  vldb    
graph partitioning and parallel solvers : has the emperor no clothes ? b hendrickson 1998.0  lecture notes in computer science    
anda . pfeffer . generalizedsearchtreesfordatabasesystems jm hellerstein   jf naughton proc . 21st int . conf . very large data bases    
pas areanu   cs   robby   visser   w.   and zhen   h. 2001 . tool-supported program abstraction for finite - mb dwyer   j hatcliff   r joehanes   s laubach proceedings of the 23rd international conference on software  
sharing knowledge-based technology via knowledge-representation interchange : the stanford kif tr gruber technical report   knowledge systems laboratory   stanford    
web services architecture k mockford bt technology journal   2004.0 
introduction to the special issue on semantic integration acm sigmod record   ah doan   nf noy   ay halevy  2004.0 
xl : an xml programming language for web service specification and composition d florescu   a gruenhagen   d kossmann computer networks     2003.0 
automated discovery of scoped memory regions for real-time java m deters   r cytron   
design and implementation of a tcp/ip core for reconfigurable logic c kachris  2001.0 
  b.   and widmayer   p. 1997 . a generic approach to bulk loading multidimensional index structures v den bercken proceedings of the 23rd international conference on very  
gastrointestinal absorption of drugs in patients with cardiac failure lz benet   a greither   w meister see ref    
temperature field in the coolant at the entrance into a vvã?r -440 core sa tsymbalov   av kraiko at .  
enhanced simulator takes on bus-structured logic h levin  electronic design    
schrodinger operators 1987.0 hl cycon   rg froese   w kirsch   b simon   
universal contentâ ?? extracting the essence o draper   d beaumont 2000.0  bt technology journal    
performance analysis of finitebuffered multistage interconnection networks c evequoz tech . report   ecole polytechnique de montreal   canada   june 1994  
on work-hardening in ordered alloys ae vidoz   lm brown phil . mag      
gentrification and uneven development n smith 1982.0  economic geography    
empirical study of exchange patterns during software peer review meetings information & software technology   pd ` astous   pn robillard  2002.0 
induction of irf-3 / -7 kinase and nf-kappab in response to double-stranded rna and virus infection : t iwamura   m yoneyama   k yamaguchi   w suhara   w 2001.0  genes to cells    
new approach to adt specification support based on reuse of similar adt by the application of case - information and software technology   1996.0 p termsinsuwan   z cheng   n shiratori   
rethinking risk financing s re 1996.0    
a reference architecture for integrating heterogeneous information sources using xml and agent model n arch-int    
experimental study of inlet lips designed to create a uniform exit velocity profile ( abstract only ) p steranka proceedings : techfest 17 p 25 ( see n 91-18004 10-01 )   1991.0    
effects of estrogen replacement therapy on plasma endothelin-1 and nitric oxide in postmenopausal circulation ( suppl pjm best   pb berger   vm miller   a lerman   
dynamic programming and stochastic control 1976.0 dp bertsekas   
a service classification of american cities hj nelson economic geography   1955.0 
two-phonon absorption by the real squashing collective mode in superfluid he-3 ( abstract only ) h alles   jm kyynarainen   aj manninen   jp pekola   k oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0    
concurrency control and object-oriented databases ah skarra   sb zdonik  acm press frontier series   1989.0 
developmental observations on the auxiliary do and the optional infinitive hypothesis t sano proceedings of the 23rd annual boston university conference & hellip ;    
optimization of storage structures of complex types in object-relational database systems s skatulla   s dorendorf   
automatic induction of rules for classification & hellip ; of the workshop on machine learning for user modelling   & hellip ;   j kay   e mccreath   
detoxification of benzoxazolin-2 ( 3h ) - one in higher plants proc . int . allelopathy soc   i wieland   a friebe   m kluge   d sicker   m schulz   
indexing images in oracle8i 2000.0 m annamalai   r chopra   s defazio   s mavris acm sigmod record    
introduction to part ii 1992.0 ai rudnicky acm press frontier series    
recovery of yellow-poplar ( liriodendron tulipifera ) embryogenic material following cryopreservation   pm montello   sa merkle proceedings of the 23rd southern forest tree improvement & hellip ;      
designing and mining multi-terabyte astronomy archives : the sloan digital sky survey . rj brunner   j gray   p kunszt   d slutz   as szalay     
within-slide normalization using localized print-tip characteristics for cdna microarray data j berger   s hautaniemi   s mitra   j astola 2003.0    
shapes of cd-110 at high spins ( abstract only ) s juutinen   r julin   p ahonen   c fahlander   j oulu univ   proceedings of the 25 th annual conference of the & hellip ;   1991.0    
feedback driven instruction-set extension u kastens   dk le   a slowik   m thies    
birch : an efficient data clustering method for large databases proc . of 1996 acm-sigmod int . conf . on management of t zhang   r ramakrishnan   m linvy   
performance improvement of half controlled three phase pwm boost rectifier jun kikuchi  1999.0 
applying reinforcement learning to instruction scheduling within basic blocks d scheeff   c brodley   e moss   j cavazos   d  submitted for publication    
an enzyme histochemical study of isoproterenol-induced myocardial necroses in rats a meijer   h hettwer   ag ciplea the histochemical journal     1988.0 
notes on the state of data base audit jd clark   fg davis acm sigmod record   1982.0 
dittrich   j. kramer   t. schafer   m. schneider   and b. seeger . xxl-a library approach to supporting 27th international conference on very large data j van den bercken   bb jp   
bayan : an arabic text database management system r king   a morfeq 1990.0  proceedings of the 1990 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
predator : an or-dbms with enhanced data types 1997.0 p seshadri   m paskin proceedings of the 1997 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
successful use of nasal bipap in three patients previously requiring intubation and mechanical journal of emergency medicine   jm poponick   jp renston   cl emermanâ ? ¦  1997.0 
microsoft terraserver : a spatial data warehouse . 1999 microsoft t barclay   j gray   d stuz   
improving the performance of interactive tcp applications using service differentiation w noureddine   f tobagi 2002.0  computer networks    
where to start a geometric walk l lovasz   s vempala  microsoft technical  
channel network incision and patterns of mountain geomorphology 1998.0 eb safran   
detonation supported by a combustible deposit bc fan   hz li  proc . 26th symp . int . combustion . combustion institute   & hellip ;    
estimating aggregates on a peer-to-peer network m bawa   h garcia-molina   a gionis   r motwani submitted for publication     2004.0 
data base machines with large content-addressable blocks and structural information processors ds kerr ieee computer      
b.   kriegel . h.-p. : â ?? techniques for design and jmplementatiut of bfiicient spatial access methods sk seeger proc . is * int . conf . on vldb      
sgml : itâ ?? s still a la carte . '' j karney  pc magazine    
handhelds go to school d tatar   j roschelle   p vahey   wr penuel  ieee computer    
a structural equation test of the value-attitude-behavior hierarchy journal of personality and social psychology   pm homer   lr kahle   
gestion des populations d'auxilaires : recolonization naturelle ou introduction de phytoseiides en 1995.0 s kreiter   g sentenac proceedings â ?? journee dâ ?? informations sur les auxiliaires & hellip ;    
monitoring and measuring distributed systems acm press frontier series   1990.0 d wybranietz   d haban   
circulating icam-1 in amniotic fluid   maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein levels and intrauterine c salafia   e mainolfi   p almaguer   ja kelly   j  1992.0 
primary maternal preoccupation dw winnicott  through paediatrics to psychoanalysis   1956.0 
linear forests and ordered cycles g chen   
algorithms for loading object databases jl wiener   1995.0 
andr . ramakrishnan . the case forenhanced abstract data types p seshadri   m livny inproceedings of the23th vldb conference   athens   greece   & hellip ;    
techniques for design and implementation of efficient spatial access methods b seeger   hp kriegel vldb     1988.0 
personalize or perish af lã 1/4 di   
addison-wesley   1994 s bellovin   
introduction to the theory of fourier 1 s series and integrals hs carslaw 1930.0    
peer-to-peer management of xml data : issues and research challenges sigmod record   g koloniari   e pitoura  2005.0 
fuzzy logic enabled soc monitoring meters for nimh batteries procs . s arey   vr gaddam   z yang   p singh   c fennie   de   
recent experiences with the stabilized temperature platform furnace and zeeman background correction w slavin   gr carnrick   dc manning   e pruszkowska  at . spectrosc    
on frege and extended frege proof systems j krajicek  to  
the next 10 000 ~ 2 years : part i t lewis ieee computer    
equity financing : real estate . r thomas   j davies new directions for higher education   1987.0 
andg . heidorn ( 1985 ) . extracting semantichierarchies fromalarge on-line dictionary m chodorow   r byrd  proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the association  
generalized search trees for database systems jm hellerstein   jf naughton   a pfeffer vldb   1995.0 
time series similarity search measures and time series indexing proceedings of the acm sigmod   d gunopoulos   g das   
0 . gruber . efficient incremental garbage collection for client-server object database systems procs . of the international conf . on very large databases   & hellip ;   l amsaleg   m franklin   
bristle blocks : a silicon compiler '' proc 16 thacm ieee dac d johansen san diego   june      
analog modeling language spans all system design levels i getreu electronic design    
programmable secure coprocessorâ ??   sean smith and steve weingart computer networks   ba high-performance   
terrestrial planet finder : the search for life-bearing planets around other stars ca beichman  proc . spie   1998.0 
an amateurâ ?? s introduction to recursive query processing strategies   invited paper f bancilhon   r ramakrishnan  proceedings of sigmod    
mitschang . b.   sikeler   a. : prima-a dbms prototype supporting engineering applications t harder   k meyer-wegener proc . 13th vldb conf.   brighton   uk      
a study of sort algorithms for multiprocessor database machines j menon vldb   1986.0    
an analysis of wide-are name server traffic : a study of the internet domain name system p danzig   k obraczka   a kumar proc acm    
massive ethylene glycol poisoning without evidence of crystalluria : a case for early intervention . mc haupt   dn zull   sl adamsâ ? ¦ journal of emergency medicine     1988.0 
activity-driven clock design for low power circuits 1995.0 ge tã © llez   a farrahi   m sarrafzadeh proceedings of the 1995 ieee/acm international conference on & hellip ;    
studies on a parallel ant system for the bsp model unpublished f kruger   d merkle   m middendorf   
active objects : realities and possibilities acm press frontier series   ca ellis   sj gibbs  1989.0 
automatic source identification of monophonic musical instrument sounds i kaminskyj   a materka  time  
interactive narrative : stepping into our own stories m flanagan   f arble   c clanton   h marks   j murray proceedings of acm  
brownian motion and stochastic flow systems m harrison    
retention of internal aqueous contents during fusion of semliki forest virus with liposomes submitted for g li   p schoen   jm smit   lc bijl   j corver   k lin     
inhibition of nodal signalling by lefty mediated through interaction with common receptors and r sakuma   y ohnishi   c meno   h fujii   h juan   j genes to cells   2002.0    
regulations 1990 p groups   
preliminary report on phase one of the selection project for the hilton hotel b hesketh   e allworth   g considine  unpublished manuscript    
reconciling schemas of disparate data sources : a machine-learning approach sigmod conference   a doan   p domingos   ay halevy  2001.0 
implementation of a friction estimation and compensation technique j amin   b friedland   a harnoy time    
a stochastic optimization model to improve production planning and r & d resource allocation in rl schmidt management science     1996.0 
a descriptive analysis of european office real estate cycles : comparative modelling with us real s laposa   b ashton   r barkham   b gilbertson  1999.0 
watchman : a data warehouse intelligent cache manager p scheuermann   j shim   r vingralek proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   1996.0    
stochastic stability of differential equations   sijthoff and noordhoff   alphen aan den rijn   the md   rz hasminski   
39 : specification and acceptance testing of computed tomography scannersdiagnostic x-ray imaging a report    
deconstructing massive multiplayer online role-playing games proceedings of vldb   q jones   z kumar   w kahan   
auxiliary partial orthotopic liver transplantation as a rescue for small-for-size grafts harvested 1998.0 m kasahara   t kiuchi   k uryuhara   k takakura   h transplantation proceedings    
the princess series r wolanczyk proceedings of the 12th annual acm international conference & hellip ;     2004.0 
heat transfer aj chapman   
antiprotons as probes of solar modulation jw bieber   ra burger   r engel   tk gaisser   t proc . 26th int . cosmic ray conf      
two approaches to implementing generic data structures in modula-2 1985.0 rs wiener   rf sincovec acm sigplan notices    
study of human-robot interaction at the aaai robot rescue competition 2002.0 ha yanco   jl drury   j scholtz   
compiler optimizations for distributed memory multicomputers used in the paradigm compiler dj palermo   e su   ja chandy   p banerjee  proceedings of the 23rd international conference on parallel  
25443   usa   1990 wv shepherdstown   
teletext for public information : laboratory and field studies new directions for program evaluation   1984.0 m elton   j carey   
forest offences and impediment to forest resources conservation in akwa-ibom state proceedings of the 25 thannual conference of the forestry & hellip ;   es udo   
managing memory to meet multiclass workload response time goals kp brown   mj carey   m livny 1993.0  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
stochastic stability of differential equations   sijthoff & noordhoff   alphen aan den rijnâ ?? md   rz hasminskii   
efficiency-quality tradeoffs for vector score aggregation pkc singitham   m mahabhashyam   p raghavan  proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2004.0 
a case of rubella encephalitis : rubella virus genome was detected in the cerebrospinal fluid by no to hattatsu   1995.0 m date   m gondoh   s kato   m fukushima   n nakamoto     
apologizing versus asking permission : optimistic concurrency control for abstract data types m herlihy acm transactions on database systems     1990.0 
distribution-dependent hashing functions and their characteristics rf deutscher   pg sorenson   jp tremblay 1975.0  proceedings of the 1975 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;    
l. and van ossenbruggen   j. evaluating smil : three user case studies   poster paper lh rutledge proceedings of acm  
portable networks : prototype and performance g bai   k oladosu   c williamson submitted for publication   2003.0    
computational complexity of itemset frequency satisfiability t calders    
n. tishby testing for non linearity and gaussianity in sustained portion of musical signals s dubnov proceedings of the joumees dâ ?? hrformatique musicale   caen      
fabrication and testing of micron-sized cold-gas thrusters aiaa prog . astronaut r bayt   k breuer   2000.0 
r-trees : a dynti index structure for sparial searching a guttman proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data   boston   & hellip ;    
transmission patterns of natural and recombinant baculoviruses rs hails   p hernandez-crespo   sm sait   ca donnelly ecology-new  
: fire judgment system using the time series of smoke density in early stage proc . of the 29th iscie international symposium on & hellip ;   s tsuruoka   t arakawa   x chen   m ishida   
many body physics   ( plenum   ny   1990 ) gd mahan    
the multiple dimensions of sustainable development . 1991.0 m redclift geography    
the productivity payoff : the 100 most effective users of information technology p gillin computerworld    
human chromosomes : structure   behavior   effects e therman   1986.0 
the statistical analysis of compositional data : chapman and hall j aitchison new york    
intelligent gp fusion from multiple sources for text classification proceedings of the 14th acm international conference on & hellip ;   2005.0 b zhang   y chen   w fan   ea fox   m gonã § alves   m   
control theory in strategic human resource management : the mediating effect of administrative 1992.0 sa snell the academy of management journal    
the dancing genome project : generation of a human-computer choreography using a genetic algorithm proceedings of the 13th annual acm international conference & hellip ;   fj lapointe   m ã?poque  2005.0 
xl : a platform for web services d florescu   d kossmann   
genetic and environmental architecture of human aggression journal of personality and social psychology   dr miles   g carey  1997.0 
poverty concentration measures and the urban underclass . 1991.0 r greene economic geography    
factors of influence on the life cycle of spark gap based lightning current arresters r brocke   p hasse   p zahlmann  proc . of the 26th int . conf . on lightning protection    
south dob index   ( 1990 's   from acpl e-resources )   '' c csra    
software engineering for parallel systems 1994.0 i jelly   i gorton   
developing culture curriculum for native american children : the rough rock experience . g johnson  1981.0 
fibrinogen depleting agents for acute ischaemic stroke ( cochrane review ) m liu   c counsell   xl zhao   j wardlaw cochrane database syst rev   2001.0 
complex objects and thetr use m design transacuons r lone   w plouffe  proc database week   sigmod   may    
the casefor enhanced abstract datatypes proceedings of the 23th vldb p seshadri   m livny   r ramakrishnan   
the role of aspect in licensing object drop in child dutch . e thrift   n hyams  bucld 25 proceedings    
of xml and databases : whereâ ?? s the beef acm sigmod conference   p discussion   mj carey   
web 100 : extended tcp instrumentation for research   education and diagnosis m mathis   j heffner   r reddy   
stars in a circle publications 1991.0 ep quality   gt heydt   
sur les deformations des algebres de courants de type reductif   cr acad p lecomte   c roger sci . paris   i    
measures and models of perceived group variability b park   cm judd journal of personality and social psychology    
the complexity of querying indefinite data about linearly ordered domains r van der meyden    
aspect deliverable d19 a ac095 report on final trial and demonstration   issue   1995.0 
wavecluster : a multi-resolution clustering approach c 1 1 2 1 group for very large spatial databases g sheikholeslami   s chatterjee   a zhang proc . 24th intâ ?? l conf . very large data  
timber : a native xml database   2003 hv jagadish   s al-khalifa   a chapman   lvs  vldb  
stochastic real valued action v gullapalli   1998.0 
high level system design and analysis using abstract state machines e boerger lecture notes in computer science   1999.0    
microsoft windows 3 developer 's workshop microsoft programming series   r wilton  1991.0 
a study of sort algorithms for multiprocessor db machines j menon  proc . int . conf . on very large data bases  
system rx : one part relational   one part xml h piraheshâ ? ¦ proceedings of sigmod    
f [ 22 ] zhang   t.   ramakrishnan   r.   and linvy   m. ( 1996 ) . birch : an efficient data clustering method kl clarkson proc . acm sigmod intâ ?? l con    
the history of fortran i   ii   and ill j backus history of programming languages   acm monograph series   & hellip ;    
barriers to the advance of organizational science : paradigm development as a dependent variable j pfeffer  the academy of management review   1993.0 
a generic framework for modeling resources with uml b selic    
artist : an architectural transfomiation program for optimization a chatterjee   r roy proceedings of acm/ieee design automation conference    
data modelling versus ontology engineering sigmod records   r meersmanâ ? ¦   
viable salmonid populations and the recovery of evolutionarily significant units-draft p mcelhany   m rukelshaus   mj ford   t wainwright   e seattle   washington : national marine fisheries service      
business process cockpit m sayal   f casati   u dayal   mc shan 2002.0  vldb    
basking in reflected glory : three ( football ) field studies rb cialdini   rj borden   a thorne   mr walker   s journal of personality and social psychology    
luxury and capitalism ... w sombart   1938.0 
semantic data cachingand replacement s dar   mj franklin   b jonsson   d srivastava   m tan  proceedings of the 22th vldb  
traffic barrier systems initial report-installation of a thrie beam guardrail rl blost  demonstration project  
design techniques for transformer active reset circuits at high frequencies and power levels 1990.0 b carsten   
forward integrity for secure audit logs [ r ] . 1997 university of california m bellare   bs yee san diego    
hands/knees posture in late pregnancy or labour for fetal malposition ( lateral or posterior ) 2002.0 gj hofmeyr   r kulier cochrane database syst rev    
learning   irreversibilities and climate cd kolstad   
super simulation shell for plants z muro   n yanagihara   h fujimoto   
multi-resolution vehicle detection using artificial vision a broggi   pc antonello   
a genome databases framework lfb seibel   s lifschitz 2001.0  lecture notes in computer science    
complex objects and their use in design transactions r lop lode   w plouffe engineering design application proceedings from sigmod & hellip ;      
a linear programming approach to solving stochastic dynamic programs ma trick   se zin 1993.0  unpublished manuscript    
structured testing : a testing methodology using the cyclomatic complexity metric . computer systems ah watson   tj mccabe md      
the diffusion of nickel in the bulk and along dislocations in nio single crystals phil . mag   a atkinson   ri taylor   
â ? ³ an amateurâ ? ² s introduction to recursive query processing strategies.â ? ³ acm sigmod international f bancihon   r ramakrishnan  sigmod record    
fertigkeit hã ¶ ren   fernstudieneinheit 5   langenscheidt   mã 1/4 nchen   1994 b dahlhaus    
j. raddick c. stoughton j. vandenberh as szalay   pz kunszt . the sdss skyserver : public access to the 2002.0 atjgt malik   
2 . 135 day l & rechnitzer g ( 1999 ) evaluation of the tractor rollover protective structure rebate g regulation   c uk    
ã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents birch : an efficient data clustering method for very large databasesã cents â ? ¬ â ? cents t zhang   r ramakrishnan   m linvy  proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data   acm press    
classification and learning of similarity measures mm richter   
on the existence and uniqueness of solutions of mcshane stochastic integral equations g constantin   r negrea   
teacher education : one deanâ ?? s perspective and forecast on the state of technology and teacher prep electronic learning   a glenn   
the nonlinear dynamics of focussed wave groups in two and three dimensions tb johannessen   c swan submitted for  
shape optimal design for a fluid-heat coupled system d chenais   j monnier   jp vila  applied mathematics and computer science   1996.0 
prostaglandins for prevention of postpartum haemorrhage am gulmezoglu   f forna   j villar   gj hofmeyr 2002.0  cochrane database syst rev    
comprehensive colour image normalization gd finlayson   b schiele   jl crowley lecture notes in computer science   1998.0    
enhanced data types in predator p seshadri vldb journal    
a profile of the regional bioscience industry sm day 2001.0    
endovascular repair of abdominal aortic aneurysms : where do we stand ? mh seelig   wa oldenburg   ag hakaim   jw hallett   a mayo clinic proceedings   1999.0 
death and the loss of civilized prã © dation among the piaroa of the orinoco basin j overing see ref     1993.0 
a robust category guesser for dutch medical language p spyns    
the interaction of dislocations and boundaries phil . mag   ak head   
rapid sequence induction in the emergency department l powell   p holt journal of emergency nursing   1995.0 
high-concurrency in r-trees m kornacker   d banks proc . 21th international conference on vldb      
soil resource h jenny  1986.0 
real business processing meets the web j chong   
multi-core soc platform integration using amba at designcon   n stollon   r veal   l petrosian   
  pz kunszt . designing and mining multi-terabyte astronomy archives : the sloan digital sky survey atjgdr slutz  2000.0 
building a visual ontology for video retrieval l hollink   m worring   at schreiber    
support environment for rp3 performance monitor wc brantley   hy chang 1990.0  acm press frontier series    
antifibrinolytics for heavy menstrual bleeding 2000.0 a lethaby   c farquhar   i cooke cochrane database syst rev    
nigeria   supra note 1 . one us dollar is worth approximately 79 nigerian nairas ss africa   
spinal deformation following multi-level thoracic and lumbar laminectomy in children . d bell   j walker   goâ ?? connor   j orrel   r submitted for publication    
data mining in the bioinformatics domain s tsur proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;   2000.0    
faulkner 's one ring circus r pearce wisconsin studies in contemporary literature   1966.0 
db 1998 testing for homogeneityof variance in time series : long memory   wavelets and the nile river submitted for b whitcher   sd byers   pp guttorp   
extensible content protection proceedings of the eleventh acm international conference on & hellip ;   2003.0 f pestoni   c drews   
the relaxation response h benson   m klipper   
nieto-santisteban   ma   thakar   ar   heber   g.   & rots   ah 2004   â ?? there goes the neighborhood : j gray   as szalay   g fekete   woâ ?? mullane microsoft technical report      
a motion and shape-based pedestrian detection algorithm h elzein   s lakshmanan   p watta   
multimethod communication for high-performance metacomputing i foster   j geisler   s tuecke   c kesselman proceedings of acm/ieee    
the global forest products model : structure   estimation   and applications j buongiorno   
designing and mining multi-terabyte astronomy archives a szalay   j gray   p kunszt   a thakar sigmod conference    
traub   f. ( 1972 ) acrasiales in schweizer waeldern l margulis   jo corliss   m melkonian   dj chapman  1990.0 
dakoã?a - english dictionary project : a minnesota collaborative effort c cavender   c schommer multimedia demonstration given at the sixth annual & hellip ;      
new realities for financial aid . rj gibson new directions for higher education     1982.0 
control-sensitive feature selection for lazy learners f domingos artificial intelligence review     1997.0 
the marine plant industry-commercially important species and resource management jd pringle the proceedings of the bras d &#39; or lakes aquaculture & hellip ;      
in maia   hls ( ed . ) peptides 1994 r dã ¶ lling   m beyermann   j haenel   f kernchen   e proceedings of the 23rd european peptide symposium   escom   & hellip ;    
using active learning in college classrooms : a range of options for faculty tw sutherland   cc bonwell  new directions for teaching and learning series . san & hellip ;    
radiomap : experiential interactive environment m hohl    
efficient relational storage and retrieval of xml documents a schmidt   ml kersten   m windhouwer   f waas webdb ( informal proceedings )   2000.0 
motion estimation using rate distortion theory for very low bit rate image sequence coding   '' d tzovaras   mg strintzis  proc . int &#39; l conf .  
buffer management in relational database systems gm sacco   m schkolnick  acm transactions on database systems   1986.0 
effect of electric fields on fracture behavior of pzt ceramics ag tobin   ye pak proc .    
infant day care : a cause for concern j belsky zero to three    
00db indexing by class-division proceedings of the acm sigmod s ramaswamy   pc kanellakis   
theories of chemisorption which incorporate band structure effects cp demelo  ph. d. thesis california univ.   santa barbara.   1980.0 
the interaction of clouds with the surrounding aerosol environment ip mazin  meteorologiia i gidrologiia   1982.0 
three practical strategies for peer consultation bj millis 1999.0  new directions for teaching and learning    
choosing an appropriate buffer strategy for an optical packet switch with a feed-back fdl buffer proc . 28th european conf . on optical communication   c develder   m pickavet   p demeester   
positive scalar curvature metricsâ ?? existence and classification proc . intern . congress math.   zurich   switzerland   s stolz   
modeling the primary productivity of the world h lieth primary productivity of the biosphere     1975.0 
data conversion from object-oriented to relational database and its verification by use of r pang   
continual permutations of action 1993.0 al strauss   
performance of tcp/ip over next generation broadband wireless access networks i stojanovic   m airy   d gesbert   h saran    
regulation of interaction of the acetyltransferase region of p300 and the dna-binding domain of sp1 t suzuki   a kimura   r nagai   m horikoshi genes to cells     2000.0 
soil erosion in the west midlands : an act of god or agricultural mismanagement i foster   s harrison   d clark geography     1997.0 
modular synchronization in multiversion databases d agrawal   s sengupta proceedings of sigmod    
photo time stamp recognition xr chen 2001.0    
efficient retrieval of similar shapes d rafiei   ao mendelzon the vldb journal the international journal on very large & hellip ;   2002.0 
multiagent reinforcement learning in stochastic games j hu   mp wellman submitted for publication     1999.0 
global epidemic of human t-cell lymphotropic virus type-i ( htlv-i ) - pathophysiology   prevention   and rf edlich   ja arnette   fm williams journal of emergency medicine   2000.0 
shape priors for level set representations 2002.0 m rousson   n paragios lecture notes in computer science    
marital interaction : physiological linkage and affective exchange journal of personality and social psychology   1983.0 rw levenson   jm gottman   
women and medicare 2001.0 kf foundation   
michael tan . data caching and replacement s dar   mj franklin   bã ? jã ³ nsson   d srivastava proc . very large data bases conference   bombay   india    
structure and semantics in oodb class specifications ej neuhold   g darmstadt sigmod record     1991.0 
heavy metal toxicity   part i : arsenic and mercury 1998.0 ka graeme   cv pollack journal of emergency medicine    
  and gray   j. : designing and mining multi-terabyte astronomy archives : the sloan digital sky survey as szalay   pt kunszt  microsoft technical report    
multidimensional binary search trees used for associative searching . com-mzm . acm 18   9 ( sept. 1975 )   jl bentley acm transactions on database systems      
purine and pyrimidine levels in cultured skin fibroblasts from control and lesch-nyhan patients sp hussain   ja duley   gp connolly cellular and molecular biology letters   1999.0 
enterprise information integration : successes a halevyâ ? ¦  challenges and controversies acm sigmod international & hellip ;    
technical considerations in the selection of a personal emergency response system journal of emergency medicine   as baldwin   sa syverud   rf edlich  1993.0 
ecdeu assessment manual for psychopharmacology . rockville w guy md      
dasd dancing : a disk load balancing scheme for video-on-demand systems proceedings of acm sigmetrics   jl wolf   ps yu   h shachnai   
sequence analysis of a 3.5 b contig in human 19p13 . 3 containing a serine protease gene cluster je lamerdin   pm mccready   e skowronski   aw adamson   
krpm   1 100 f magnetic bearings for jet turbine engines m mekhichen proc . of 7th int . symp on magnetic bearings     2000.0 
general and specific interfaces : experiences with a multimedia platform d bargeron   j grudin   a gupta   
avatar mediated conversational interfaces 2000.0 r colburn   m cohen   s drucker   
evidence for racial prejudice at the implicit level and its relationship with questionnaire measures b wittenbrink   cm judd   b park journal of personality and social psychology   1997.0    
a framework for parallel processing of aggregate and scalar functions in object-relational dbms m jaedicke   b mitschang proc . sigmod conf   seattle      
the effect of food and cholestyramine on the absorption of cyclosporine in cardiac transplant a keogh   r day   l critchley   g duggin   d baron transplant proc   1988.0    
braids   trees   and operads   arx iv : math j morava   
the realities and options of practice . 1993.0 s vernon new directions for adult and continuing education    
terraserver : a spatial data warehouse t barclay   dr slutz   j gray  sigmod conference    
fractal dimensions of time series in turbulent flows kr sreenivasan   a juneja unpublished manuscript.    
atmospheric deposition and forest nutrient cycling 1992.0 dw johnson   se lindberg   
evaluation of the forest fires of 1998 in east kalimantan   indonesia using multi-temporal ers-2 sar f siegert   aa hoffmann & hellip ; conference on data management and modelling using remote & hellip ;      
an extensive logic simulation method of very large scale computer design m miyoshi   y ooshima   a sugiyama   n onizuka   n  proceedings of the 23rd acm/ieee conference on design & hellip ;   1986.0 
a perspective on id k ekanadham  acm press frontier series   1991.0 
stopâ ?? andâ ?? go queueing framework for eongesticm management sja golestani proc acm  
patterns ofthe hypnotic techniques ofmilton h. erickson r bandler   j grinder md    
on the light from the sky   its polarization and its colour jw strutt phil . mag    
automatic software evaluation based on domain knowledge and formal evaluation specification software quality management-international conference -   1998.0 bi cogan   to matveeva   
garbage collection for a client-server persistent object store 1999.0 l amsaleg   mj franklin   o gruber acm transactions on computer systems    
improvement of haart-associated insulin resistance and dyslipidemia after replacement of protease r walli   gm michl   jr bogner   fd goebel 2001.0  european journal of medical research    
the topsfield foundation : fostering democratic community building through face-to-face dialogue 1999.0 c flavin-mcdonald   mh barrett new directions for adult and continuing education    
time series similarity measures ( tutorial pm-2 ) d gunopulos   g das conference on knowledge discovery in data   2000.0 
oxford university press oe dictionary   
omdoc : an infrastructure for openmath content dictionary information m kohlhase    
web release date : august 30   2002 h mayr   b kempf   ar ofial acc . chem . res   2003.0    
seq : design and implementation of a sequence database system p seshadri   m livny   r ramakrishnan 1996.0  computer sciences technical report-university of wisconsin & hellip ;    
recursive linear hashing k ramamohanarao   r sacks-davis  acm transactions on database systems   1984.0 
semantic types : a fresh look at the ideal model for types j vouillon   pa mellies    
the kdb tree j robinson proc . of sigmod      
cortical and subcortical localization of response to pain in man using positron emission tomography akp jones   wd brown   kj friston   ly qi   rsj  proceedings : biological sciences   1991.0 
ã cents â ? ¬ å?tuning red for web traffic   ã cents â ? ¬ â ? m christiansen   k jeffay   d ott   fd smith  proc . of acm  
specifying software quality with the extended iso model rhj van zeist   prh hendriks software quality management-international conference -   1996.0 
the homely allotment : from rural dole to urban amenity : a neglected aspect of urban land use geography   h thorpe   
importance of physical attractiveness in dating behavior e walster   v aronson   d abrahams   l rottman journal of personality and social psychology     1966.0 
exploiting hierarchy for planning and scheduling ag cass   k ramamritham   lj osterweil    
m. stonebraker the performance of concurrency control algorithms for database management systems c carey proc . intl. conf . on very large data bases   vldb    
external q factor measurement of an oscillator by the injection locking ellipse f diamand   m armand electronic letters    
hispanic-serving institutions : challenges and opportunities new directions for higher education   m benitez  1998.0 
the qq { estimator and heavy tails   available as tr1122 . ps m kratz   s resnick z  
automatic tuning of optimum pid controllers m zhuang   dp atherton   1993.0 
treatment of acromegaly with b2036-peg   a growth hormone receptor antagonist ( abstract or14â ?? 6 ) . a barkan   e dimaraki   gm besser  san diego    
landscape-level effects of the interaction between residential development and public forest bc ward  2004.0 
a data warehouse intelligent cache manager vldb journal   p scheuerman   j shim   r vingralekâ ?? watchman   
a o.   and sagiv   y. testing imphcauons of data dependencies acm trans . database syst   d mamr   mv ndelzon   
performance tradeoffs in multistreamed superscalar architectures mj serrano  1994.0 
kotz dittrich a. et schmidt d.   using the calanda time series management system w dreyer proceedings of the 1995 acm sigmod   san josã ©   california   & hellip ;    
sugar cane   coca-cola and hypermarkets : consumption and surrealism in the argentine northwest c classen see howes      
supplement.â ?? the sky is the limit : 100 best places to work in is.â ?? computerworld   m decarolis   
precious metals 1990 . ( retroactive coverage ) 1990.0 d corrigan   
interface issues and interaction strategie for information retrieval s heminger   n berlkin  proceedings of : acm    
concurrency control in generalized search trees m kornacker   c mohan   jm hellerstein proc . acm sigmod int . conf . on management of data    
of xml and databases ( panel session ) : where 's the beef ? proceedings of the 2000 acm sigmod international conference & hellip ;   j widom   a bosworth   b lindsay   m stonebraker   d  2000.0 
heidorn . extracting semantic hierarchies from a large on-line dictionary m chodorow   r byrd  proceedings of the 23rd annual meeting of the association  
a formula for expanding an integral as a series phil . mag   hf willis   
finite element analysis of synchronous belt tooth failure kw dalgarno   aj day   thc childs proceedings-institution of mechanical engineers part d & hellip ;   1993.0 
birch : an e cient data clustering method for very large databases t zhang   r ramakrishnan   m livny  proc . 1996 sigmod    
non-pharmaceutical measures for prevention of post-thrombotic syndrome dn kolbach   mw sandbrink   k hamulyak   ha neumann   cochrane database syst rev     2003.0 
performance of switch-blocking in multithreaded processors k gopinath   mk krishna narasimhan   bh lim   a  proceedings of the 23rd international conference on parallel  
thermally tunable polarization converter submitted for tm koster   pv lambeck   
scored her 100 thnwt point in her 90 thgame with the nwt april 7   2001 vs n drolet finland at      
absorption dipolaire et conductivitã © de l'eau adsorbã © e sur la montmorillonite calcique proc . int . clay conf   r calvet   
wal-mart revisesâ ?? 05 rfid expectations c sliwa computerworld    
birch : an efficient clustering method for very large databases t zhang   r ramakrishnan   m livny  & hellip ; workshop on research issues on data mining and knowledge & hellip ;    
semantic clustering and querying on heterogeneous features for visual data g sheikholeslami   w chang   a zhang   
vist : a dynamic index method for querying xml data by tree structures h wang   s park   w fan   ps yu  sigmod conference   2003.0 
inner-block operations on compressed images b shen    
radar and raingage precipitation comparison as a function of the integration time dea antonio 1984.0  conference on radar meteorology   22 nd   zurich   switzerland    
jun. 1994 . alphasort : a risc machine sort c nyberg   t barclay   z cvetanovic   j gray   db sigmod record ( acm special interest group on management of  
quality of service and flow level admission control in the internet n benameur   sb fredj   s oueslati-boulahia   jw computer networks     2002.0 
space-time analysis of forest fires 1998.0 cd avalos   
binding time analysis for high order untyped functional languages c consel proceedings of the 1990 acm conference on lisp and & hellip ;   1990.0 
miami redskins : deciding about a university nickname 2004.0 pg risser new directions for higher education    
sgml : a librarian 's perceptions . j corthouts   r philips  electronic library   1996.0 
the pantograph : a large workspace haptic device for multimodal interaction . c ramstein   v hayward proc . of acm chi    
nucleic acids res it weber   db mckay   ta steitz    
the correlatedcorrespondencealgorithm for unsupervised registration of nonrigid surfaces dksth pang   d anguelov   p srinivasan   j davis  2004.0 
stochastic processes in physics and chemistry ng van kampen  1992.0 
survivable distributed systems : design and implementation kp kihlstrom   
volatiles   magma mixing   and the mechanism of eruption of augustine volcano   alaska da johnston 1978.0    
on the hardware-software partitioning problem : system modeling and partitioning techniques m lopez-vallejo   jc lopez  acm transactions on design automation of electronic systems   2003.0 
microsoft guide to visual basic for ms-dos 1993.0 pg aitken microsoft programming series    
threshold models in non-linear time series analysis h tong   1983.0 
parameter estimation in stochastic logic programs 2001.0 j cussens machine learning    
reinterpreting the empathy-altruism relationship : when one into one equals oneness journal of personality and social psychology   1997.0 rb cialdini   sl brown   bp lewis   c luce   sl   
pulmonary embolism presenting as an acute surgical abdomen dc smith journal of emergency medicine     1996.0 
learning self-evaluation : challenges for students new directions for teaching and learning   j macgregor  1993.0 
adata modeland query languagefor exodus jm carey   dj dewiit   sl vandenberg proc . acm sigmod    
referring patients from triage out of the emergency department to primary care settings : one ka kelly  journal of emergency nursing   1994.0 
dynamic memory allocation for multiple-query workloads 1993.0 m mehta   dj dewitt proceedings of the international conference on very large & hellip ;    
a basic local alignment search tool . journal of molecular biology   1990 . 14 ] a. guttman . r-trees : a sf altschul   w gish   w miller   ew myers   dj lipman  proc . acm sigmod    
the new grove dictionary of music and musicians   second edition   vol . 11 be humperdinck   
synchrotron radiation research and finnish beamline at max-lab ( abstract only ) proceedings of the 25 th annual conference on the finnish & hellip ;   s aksela  1991.0 
on extended stochastic integrals ym kabanov teor . verojatnost . i primenen    
vist : a dynamic index method for querying xml data by tree structures hwspw fan   ps yu  proceedings of the acm sigmod international conference on & hellip ;    
the pertâ ?? brm   mce ot concurrency 1080 ieee rransactions on software engineering . vol . 14 . no 8 . m carey   m stonebraker prw . vldb    
erotic stimuli and aggression : facilitation or inhibition e donnerstein   m donnerstein   r evans  journal of personality and social psychology   1975.0 
